Question 23
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 23 DISCUSSION

Question:
In which layer of its architecture does Snowflake store its metadata statistics?
A. Storage Layer
B. Compute Layer
C. Database Layer
D. Cloud Services Layer
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Storage Layer
2. B. Compute Layer
3. C. Database Layer
4. D. Cloud Services Layer

Answers/Comments (18 found):
1. cloud services layer is for meta data

2. metadata management is under "cloud services" https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts

3. D.Cloud Service Layer

4. D
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts#database-storage
Snowflake manages all aspects of how this data is stored — the organization, file size, structure, compression, metadata, statistics, and other aspects of data storage are handled by Snowflake. The data objects stored by Snowflake are not directly visible nor accessible by customers; they are only accessible through SQL query operations run using Snowflake.

5. Typo - Answer is C

6. D is correct

7. D is correct

8. D cloud Service Layer

9. D cloud service layer

10. Correct

11. I think option A is correct

12. D Cloud Service Layer

13. D Cloud Service Layer of cause

14. Correct answer should be "C".

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts
Database Storage¶
When data is loaded into Snowflake, Snowflake reorganizes that data into its internal optimized, compressed, columnar format. Snowflake stores this optimized data in cloud storage.

Snowflake manages all aspects of how this data is stored — the organization, file size, structure, compression, metadata, statistics, and other aspects of data storage are handled by Snowflake. The data objects stored by Snowflake are not directly visible nor accessible by customers; they are only accessible through SQL query operations run using Snowflake.

15. D is correct

16. Cloud service layer

17. Cloud Service layer stores metadata of queries for optimization.

18. Metadata manager is part of Cloud Services layer.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 24
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 24 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Data in fail-safe can be deleted by a user or the Snowflake team before it expires.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (15 found):
1. cannot be delete

2. no user action provide

3. Fail-safe provides a (non-configurable) 7-day period during which historical data may be recoverable by Snowflake. No user operations allowed.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-failsafe

4. The User can't have access to Fail Safe,Snowflake Manage the Fail-safe

5. Answer is B as user doesn't have access/control to modify fail-safe.

6. b false

7. user does not have control or access over fail-safe

8. Correct

9. Answer is B as user doesn't have access/control to modify fail-safe.

10. B is correct

11. B is correct

12. Failsafe manages by Snowflake support only

13. Fail Safe can not be configured.
Users, neither retrieve nor delete the data of fail safe.

14. Answer is B. Failsafe manages by Snowflake support not user.

15. It doesn't make sense for user to remove date in fail-safe, B is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 25
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 25 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Snowflake's data warehouse was built from the ground up for the cloud in lieu of using an existing database or a platform, like Hadoop, as a base.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (18 found):
1. 'in lieu of' == 'instead of'. Yes, Snowflake was built from the ground up, without using something else as a base. So the statement is true and the answer is A.

2. unsure about this

3. Why is the Correct answer claimed to be False?

4. A is correct

5. True, it's a mix of shared nothing and shared disk.

6. Option B- False- snowflake was not built in lieu of platforms like hadoop

7. B.False

8. correct answer:A

9. **True.**

Snowflake's data warehouse was built from the ground up specifically for the cloud, rather than using an existing database or platform like Hadoop as a base. This design allows Snowflake to leverage the cloud's scalability, elasticity, and performance features, providing a modern data warehousing solution tailored for cloud environments.

10. Snowflake's data warehouse was built from the ground up specifically for the cloud, rather than being based on an existing database or platform like Hadoop. This design allows Snowflake to fully leverage the scalability, elasticity, and performance benefits of cloud infrastructure, offering unique features such as automatic scaling, data sharing, and a multi-cluster architecture.
A.true

11. b False

12. b False

13. B
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts

14. that link says this in the second paragraph: "The Snowflake data platform is not built on any existing database technology or “big data” software platforms such as Hadoop. Instead, Snowflake combines a completely new SQL query engine with an innovative architecture natively designed for the cloud. "

15. in lieu = instead of

16. For sure A

17. A is correct

18. A is true.
In lieu = instead of 
The Snowflake data platform is not built on any existing database technology or “big data” software platforms such as Hadoop. Instead, Snowflake combines a completely new SQL query engine with an innovative architecture natively designed for the cloud. 

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts.html

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 26
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 26 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following statements are true of Virtual Warehouses? (Choose all that apply.)
A. Customers can change the size of the Warehouse after creation
B. A Warehouse can be resized while running
C. A Warehouse can be configured to suspend after a period of inactivity
D. A Warehouse can be configured to auto-resume when new queries are submitted
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Customers can change the size of the Warehouse after creation
2. B. A Warehouse can be resized while running
3. C. A Warehouse can be configured to suspend after a period of inactivity
4. D. A Warehouse can be configured to auto-resume when new queries are submitted

Answers/Comments (20 found):
1. all fours are true

2. Correct, you can configure auto suspend and auto resume: 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations#automating-warehouse-suspension
AND you can resize a wh even when it is running: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview

3. Additionally, multi-cluster warehouses support all the same properties and actions as single-cluster warehouses, including:

Specifying a warehouse size.

Resizing a warehouse at any time.

Auto-suspending a running warehouse due to inactivity; note that this does not apply to individual clusters, but rather the entire multi-cluster warehouse.

Auto-resuming a suspended warehouse when new queries are submitted.

4. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview

5. All four are True

6. all fours are true

7. ABCD are true

8. Actually A,B,C,D all are correct

9. All four are true 


A: resizing allowed
B: Dynamic Scaling allowed 
C , D : Auto resume and auto suspends are also standard warehouse features

10. All four are true

11. all are true

12. All are true

13. all true, not only two

14. All four are correct, but only two are allowed to be selected by this question. That needs to be fixed.

15. all fours are true

16. all the answers are correct

17. four are all true

18. All of the following statements are true of Virtual Warehouses in Snowflake:

A. Customers can change the size of the Warehouse after creation: You can resize a warehouse at any time to adjust the compute resources.

B. A Warehouse can be resized while running: Warehouses can be resized even while they are running to accommodate changing workloads.

C. A Warehouse can be configured to suspend after a period of inactivity: You can set a warehouse to automatically suspend after a specified period of inactivity to save costs.

D. A Warehouse can be configured to auto-resume when new queries are submitted: Warehouses can be configured to automatically resume when new queries are submitted, ensuring that compute resources are available when needed.

19. All are correct ABCD

20. all fours are true, BUT the question only allows to pick up two options

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 27
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 27 DISCUSSION

Question:
The PUT command: (Choose two.)
A. Automatically creates a File Format object
B. Automatically uses the last Stage created
C. Automatically compresses files using Gzip
D. Automatically encrypts files
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Automatically creates a File Format object
2. B. Automatically uses the last Stage created
3. C. Automatically compresses files using Gzip
4. D. Automatically encrypts files

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. CD are true

2. CD is true

3. The PUT command in Snowflake automatically compresses files using Gzip and encrypts the files during the transfer process

4. correct answer:CD

5. C. Automatically compresses files using Gzip
D. Automatically encrypts files

Therefore, the correct options are:

C. Automatically compresses files using Gzip
D. Automatically encrypts files
The PUT command in Snowflake compresses files using Gzip by default and encrypts files during the transfer to a stage, ensuring secure and efficient data loading.

6. PUT does not support uploading files to external stages. All files stored on internal stages for data loading and unloading operations are automatically encrypted using AES-256 strong encryption on the server side. By default, Snowflake provides additional client-side encryption with a 128-bit key (with the option to configure a 256-bit key). AUTO_COMPRESS is TRUE by default and by default it uses GZIP.

7. c and d

8. CD are the correct answer!

9. CD are the correct options

10. CD are the correct options

11. CD are the correct options

12. CD are the correct options

13. Uploaded files are automatically encrypted with 128-bit or 256-bit keys. 
AUTO_COMPRESS is TRUE by default and by default it uses GZIP.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/put.html

14. CD are correct

15. First we will create a stage and then use PUT to load the data from onprem to that stage. Hence B. And the data will be transferred to the stage and will be encrypted, Hence D. So I guess it should be B and D.

16. CD is correct

17. CD is right answer

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 28
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 28 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which type of table corresponds to a single Snowflake session?
A. Temporary
B. Transient
C. Provisional
D. Permanent
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Temporary
2. B. Transient
3. C. Provisional
4. D. Permanent

Answers/Comments (12 found):
1. temporary is the signle

2. A.Temporary

3. A is correct.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-temp-transient

4. A is correct

5. A is correct

6. A is correct

7. Temporary tables are created in a session and they cannot be accessed through different session.

8. Answer is Temporary table.

9. A is correct

10. Temporary tables only exist within the session in which they were created and persist only for the remainder of the session.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-temp-transient.html#temporary-tables

11. Temporary Tables.

12. Temporary table.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 29
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 29 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which interfaces can be used to create and/or manage Virtual Warehouses?
A. The Snowflake Web Interface (UI)
B. SQL commands
C. Data integration tools
D. All of the above
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. The Snowflake Web Interface (UI)
2. B. SQL commands
3. C. Data integration tools
4. D. All of the above

Answers/Comments (18 found):
1. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts.html

A warehouse can be created through the web interface or using SQL:

Classic Web Interface
Click on Warehouses Warehouses tab » Create

SQL
Execute a CREATE WAREHOUSE command.

2. A and B. Integration tools are external to snowflake. How can they be used to create WH?

3. Data integration tools are Informatica, Talend, Matillion, Fivetran

4. D is wrong, not sure why this is voted highest. You cannot create warehouse through any integration tool.

5. D is correct

6. " In addition, the scope of data integration has expanded to include a wider range of operations, including:
- Data preparation.
- Data migration, movement, and management.
- Data warehouse automation.*
"
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ecosystem-etl

Taking into account the last *Data warehouse automation*, I think the correct answer is D

7. All warehouse tasks can be performed from the Snowflake web interface or using the DDL commands for warehouses.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-tasks

8. A. The Snowflake Web Interface (UI): True. Snowflake provides a user-friendly web interface (UI) where users can create, resize, suspend, resume, and manage virtual warehouses.
B. SQL commands: True. Virtual warehouses can be created and managed using SQL commands like CREATE WAREHOUSE, ALTER WAREHOUSE, DROP WAREHOUSE, etc.
C. Data integration tools: True. Many data integration tools that connect to Snowflake (such as ETL tools like Talend, Matillion, or Fivetran) can also manage virtual warehouses, either through direct integration or by executing SQL commands under the hood.
Since virtual warehouses can be managed via all of the listed interfaces, the correct answer is D. All of the above.

9. Everyone who believes D is right answer, can you please "NAME" the data integration tool with which we can create a Virtual WH. The option says DATA INTEGRATION "TOOLS" , so I am assuming if this is correct then there should be more than 1. Please help

10. A and B

11. In addition, the scope of data integration has expanded to include a wider range of operations, including:
- Data preparation.
- Data migration, movement, and management.
- Data warehouse automation.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ecosystem-etl
Data integration includes data warehouse automation, so D is correct.

12. no, Its talking about data warehouse while question about virtual warehouse

13. A and B

14. Ans : A,B

15. A and B , Data integration tolls cannot create VW

16. A AND B

17. correct answer:AB

18. D. All of the above

A. The Snowflake Web Interface (UI): The Snowflake web interface provides a user-friendly graphical interface for managing Snowflake objects, including creating, starting, stopping, suspending, and resizing virtual warehouses.
B. SQL commands: Snowflake allows using SQL commands to perform various administrative tasks, including creating, managing, and monitoring virtual warehouses. You can use the SQL interface within the web UI or a separate SQL client tool.
C. Data integration tools: Various data integration tools can interact with Snowflake and automate tasks related to virtual warehouses. These tools might provide functionalities to create, start, stop, or suspend warehouses as part of data processing workflows.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 30
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 30 DISCUSSION

Question:
When a Pipe is recreated using the CREATE OR REPLACE PIPE command:
A. The Pipe load history is reset to empty
B. The REFRESH parameter is set to TRUE
C. Previously loaded files will be ignored
D. All of the above
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. The Pipe load history is reset to empty
2. B. The REFRESH parameter is set to TRUE
3. C. Previously loaded files will be ignored
4. D. All of the above

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. I believe the correct answer is A. 

REFRESH is a parameter for ALTER PIPE 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/alter-pipe.html

It is NOT a parameter for CREATE [OR REPLACE] Pipe. 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-pipe.html 

Further recreating a pipe resets history: 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-manage.html#label-snowpipe-management-recreate-pipes

"Load History
The load history for Snowpipe operations is stored in the metadata of the pipe object. When a pipe is recreated, the load history is dropped. In general, this condition only affects users if they subsequently execute an ALTER PIPE … REFRESH statement on the pipe. Doing so could load duplicate data from staged files in the storage location for the pipe if the data was already loaded successfully and the files were not deleted subsequently."

2. B, C have not Snowflake document to support that, ChatGPT shows D, but after deeper asks, CHATGPT shows that it has no document support options B and C.

3. D. All of the above the correct answer

4. Answer from Gemini

When a Pipe is recreated using the CREATE OR REPLACE PIPE command in Snowflake, the following occurs: 
The Pipe load history is reset to empty.
This means the pipe will no longer track files that were previously loaded by the old pipe definition.
The REFRESH parameter is automatically set to TRUE.
This ensures that the newly created pipe will immediately begin looking for new files in the specified stage location.
Previously loaded files will be ignored.
Since the load history is reset and REFRESH is enabled, the pipe will not reprocess files that were already successfully loaded by the previous pipe definition.
Therefore, the correct answer is D. All of the above.

5. D is correct answer

6. it seems that none is correct

7. When a Pipe is recreated using the CREATE OR REPLACE PIPE command in Snowflake, the following happens:

A. The Pipe load history is reset to empty

True: When you recreate a pipe, Snowflake resets the load history associated with that pipe. This means that the system no longer has any record of files that have been previously loaded through that pipe.

B. The REFRESH parameter is set to TRUE

True: When you recreate the pipe, the REFRESH parameter is set to TRUE by default. This ensures that Snowflake will reprocess the files that are staged for loading, allowing the pipe to refresh its state and start processing new data again.

C. Previously loaded files will be ignored

True: After the CREATE OR REPLACE PIPE operation, previously loaded files (files that were ingested before the pipe was replaced) will be ignored. This is because the pipe's state is reset, and Snowflake does not automatically track the files that have been processed before the pipe was replaced.

8. The answers are A and C, but the question only allows one option to be selected.

Previously loaded files will be ignored unless an ALTER PIPE... REFRESH is executed:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-manage#label-snowpipe-management-recreate-pipes

Refresh is not an option when creating a pipe:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-pipe

9. D
Snowflake clears the load history for the pipe.
Setting REFRESH = TRUE tells Snowflake to re-evaluate the staged files.
Snowpipe uses the new pipe definition and skips previously processed files,

10. A is correct

11. Correct answer is A,C

12. Answer is A
The pipe load history is set to empty.

The load history for Snowpipe operations is stored in the metadata of the pipe object. When a pipe is recreated, the load history is dropped.In general, this condition only affects users if they subsequently execute an ALTER PIPE … REFRESH statement on the pipe. Doing so could load duplicate data from staged files in the storage location for the pipe if the data was already loaded successfully and the files were not deleted subsequently.

13. when recreating a pipe with CREATE OR REPLACE PIPE, all these behaviors apply, making D. All of the above the correct answer

14. D is correct here

15. The correct answer is D. All of the above.
When a Pipe is recreated using the CREATE OR REPLACE PIPE command:

The Pipe load history is reset to empty (A is true)
The REFRESH parameter is automatically set to TRUE (B is true)
Previously loaded files will be ignored (C is true)

Therefore, since all three statements (A, B, and C) are true, D "All of the above" is the correct answer. This is important to understand because recreating a pipe effectively gives you a fresh start - clearing history, refreshing the pipe, and ignoring previously processed files.

16. D - All options (A,B,C) is correct

17. Refresh is used with alter pipe

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 31
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 31 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is the minimum Snowflake edition that customers planning on storing protected information in Snowflake should consider for regulatory compliance?
A. Standard
B. Premier
C. Enterprise
D. Business Critical Edition
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Standard
2. B. Premier
3. C. Enterprise
4. D. Business Critical Edition

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. The question should be more specific about the type(s) of "protected information" they are talking about. For some "protected data" SOC2 compliance is adequate.

2. C is the right one as its talking about minimum

3. C is the correct one when we asking for minimum

4. BCE is for regulary

5. is easy to think of D, but MINIMUM is keyword, so C already fits

6. Minimum is the key

7. D would be better as it has more features but questions asks for minimum - C is correct here

8. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions#business-critical-edition

9. The correct answer is C. Enterprise

The Enterprise edition is the minimum Snowflake edition that customers should consider when planning to store protected information requiring regulatory compliance. This is because the Enterprise edition includes essential security and compliance features such as:

1. Enhanced security features
2. Advanced data protection capabilities
3. Compliance-related functionalities
4. More robust governance controls

The Standard (A) and Premier (B) editions don't provide sufficient compliance and security features for protected information, while Business Critical Edition (D) offers even more advanced features but isn't the minimum required edition for regulatory compliance - Enterprise is.

10. I think, it's Enterprise, so C. Business Critical Edition (D) is definitely better choice and recommended, but the question is about "minimum".

11. D is Corect Answer

12. D IS CORRECT

13. C. Enterprise Edition.

The Enterprise Edition of Snowflake offers advanced security features and capabilities that are designed to meet the stringent requirements of regulatory compliance. It includes features such as role-based access control (RBAC), encryption at rest and in transit, audit logging, fine-grained access controls, and data masking. These features help ensure the security and compliance of sensitive and protected data stored in Snowflake.

While other editions of Snowflake, such as Standard and Premier, also provide security features, the Enterprise Edition is specifically tailored for organizations with higher compliance and security requirements. It offers additional features and capabilities that address the needs of regulated industries and data protection standards.

Therefore, customers planning on storing protected information in Snowflake for regulatory compliance should consider the Enterprise Edition as a suitable option.

14. D is correct

15. D is correct

16. D is correct

17. PII and HIPAA compliance are only supported for Business Critical Edition or higher. But the question should have been more specific as jjordan mentioned.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions.html#security-governance-data-protection

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 32
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE RECERTIFICATION TOPIC 1 QUESTION 32 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which Snowflake data governance feature can support auditing when a user query reads column data?
A. Access History
B. Data classification
C. Column-level security
D. Object dependencies
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Access History
2. B. Data classification
3. C. Column-level security
4. D. Object dependencies

Answers/Comments (3 found):
1. Access History

2. Answer is A

3. A is the right one

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 33
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 33 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Snowpipe via REST API can only reference External Stages as source.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. Statement is False. Answer B is correct.
Snowpipe via rest API can refer both external as well as internal stages.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-rest-overview.html

2. Statement is False. Answer B is correct.

3. false for only external

4. Supports both Internal and External Internal is Snowflake and External is S3 Blob etc

5. The correct answer is A. True

Snowpipe via REST API can only reference External Stages as source. This is a key limitation of using Snowpipe with the REST API. Internal stages cannot be used as a source when using Snowpipe through the REST API interface - you must use external stages. This is an important distinction from other Snowpipe usage patterns.

6. B.False

7. This statement is true because Snowflake, as a cloud-based data warehouse, requires a specific driver to establish a connection. While third-party tools that support standard JDBC (Java Database Connectivity) or ODBC (Open Database Connectivity) protocols theoretically could connect to Snowflake, without a Snowflake-specific driver, they would not be able to establish a connection successfully. Snowflake's architecture and features require a driver that is specifically designed to work with its unique system. Therefore, a third-party tool lacking a Snowflake-specific driver would indeed be unable to connect to Snowflake.

8. B is correct

9. False:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-rest-gs#step-4-stage-data-files
Snowpipe supports loading from the following stage types:

Named internal (Snowflake) or external (Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, or Microsoft Azure) stages

Table stages

10. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-rest-load
B) 
Stage your data files:

Internal stage: Use the PUT command to stage your files.

External stage: Use the client tools provided by the cloud provider to copy your files to the stage location (Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, or Microsoft Azure).

11. B is correct

12. Answer will be false

13. B is correct

14. The correct answer is B.

15. Went to https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-rest-overview.html . The process flow chart clearly shows internal and external sources being used. The answer is A

16. REST API supports both internal and external but SNOWPIPE AUTO INGEST only support external. so the answer is B

17. answer is false

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 34
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 34 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: A third-party tool that supports standard JDBC or ODBC but has no Snowflake-specific driver will be unable to connect to Snowflake.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. Answer is B False:

E.g. JDBC:

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/jdbc.html

Snowflake provides a JDBC type 4 driver that supports core JDBC functionality. The JDBC driver must be installed in a 64-bit environment and requires Java 1.8 (or higher). The driver can be used with most client tools/applications that support JDBC for connecting to a database server.

2. False.

A third-party tool that supports standard JDBC or ODBC can connect to Snowflake even without a Snowflake-specific driver. Snowflake provides JDBC and ODBC connectors that adhere to the standard JDBC and ODBC interfaces, allowing third-party tools to establish a connection to Snowflake using these standard protocols.

The Snowflake JDBC and ODBC connectors act as bridges between the third-party tools and the Snowflake service, enabling communication and data exchange. As long as the third-party tool supports JDBC or ODBC, it can utilize the Snowflake connectors to connect to Snowflake and interact with the data warehouse.

This approach ensures compatibility and interoperability with a wide range of tools and applications that support JDBC or ODBC, making it easier to integrate Snowflake into existing ecosystems or use preferred third-party tools for data analysis, reporting, or other purposes.

3. a table can be queried using any Virtual Warehouse, not just the one that loaded the data.

4. yes it is possible to not select a file format

5. SF has driver support for most connectors

6. Answer is False:
It is mentioned in the official snowflake documentation to 
use net.snowflake.client.jdbc.SnowflakeDriver as the driver class in your JDBC application.
So if there are no snowflake specific driver, even through JDBC, it is not possible to establish the connection in snowflake
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/jdbc/jdbc-configure

7. A third-party tool that supports standard JDBC or ODBC can connect to Snowflake even if it does not have a Snowflake-specific driver. Snowflake provides its own JDBC and ODBC drivers that can be used by any tool that supports these standard interfaces. Therefore, as long as the tool can use a JDBC or ODBC driver, it can connect to Snowflake using Snowflake's provided drivers.

8. JDBC Driver is provided by snowflake

9. False, Snowflake has generic ODBC/JDBC driver support

10. Snowflake supports JDBC OR ODBC Does not care about driver it having its supported driver version to connect

11. Answer is B : False

12. The correct answer is B. False

A third-party tool that supports standard JDBC or ODBC can connect to Snowflake even without a Snowflake-specific driver. This is because Snowflake supports standard JDBC and ODBC protocols, allowing tools that use these standard database connectivity interfaces to establish connections to Snowflake.

The statement is false because:
1. Standard JDBC/ODBC support is sufficient for basic connectivity
2. Snowflake is designed to work with standard database connectivity protocols
3. While Snowflake-specific drivers might offer optimized performance or additional features, they are not strictly required for basic connectivity

13. False.

A third-party tool that supports standard JDBC or ODBC can connect to Snowflake even without a Snowflake-specific driver.

14. Answer is B

15. It's B. As long as ODBC and JDBC are supported you can connect to Snowflake.

16. as long as JDBC or ODBC is supported it can connect

17. It is B

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 35
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 35 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: It is possible to load data into Snowflake without creating a named File Format object.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (12 found):
1. Yes It is possible,A.True

2. A. True

3. A: True is correct Snowflake loads data as CSV by default, but if the file is not CSV, you will have to specify the File Format.

4. A is correct

5. True. Snowflake supports loading data without creating a named File Format object. Snowflake provides built-in file formats that can be used to load data without the need to create a file format object explicitly.

For example, to load a CSV file, you can use the built-in CSV file format by simply specifying the FILE_FORMAT option as CSV in the COPY INTO command. This allows you to quickly load data without the overhead of creating a named file format object.






Send a message...

6. a is true, you can specify a format but you don't have to

7. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-external-tutorial-create-file-format

8. A is correct

9. As the link suggests: 'In regular use, this step is optional, but is recommended'. Therefore it can be loaded without. I think thats enough proof?

10. table will be loaded with CSV format as default format if there is no file format defined

11. Needs a proof that shows A is correct. Until then I will go with B.

12. A is the correct answer. With a table created we can upload data from a csv file via web UI directly in the table without defining the FILE FORMAT.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 36
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 36 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: A table in Snowflake can only be queried using the Virtual Warehouse that was used to load the data.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (16 found):
1. In Snowflake, tables can be queried using any Virtual Warehouse within the same account, not just the one used to load the data. This flexibility is due to Snowflake's architecture, which separates storage and compute resources.

2. while this is false, I don't think the question is asking about whether you can get to the result cache. I think the point is, access to databases, schemas and tables is managed via grants.

3. B is correct. We can get data from the result cache in the cloud service layer, without a virtual warehouse.

4. b.False

5. B.False

6. a multi cluster, any warehouse can get the data

7. B for sure

8. B is correct

9. B is correct. you can query cached data without having virtual warehouse running

10. B is correct

11. B - correct

12. B is correct

13. No Doubt . B is correct.

14. Answer is B

15. Ofcourse B :)

16. Answer is B

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 37
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 37 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following statements are true of Snowflake data loading? (Choose three.)
A. VARIANT ג€nullג€ values are not the same as SQL NULL values
B. It is recommended to do frequent, single row DMLs
C. It is recommended to validate the data before loading into the Snowflake target table
D. It is recommended to use staging tables to manage MERGE statements
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. VARIANT ג€nullג€ values are not the same as SQL NULL values
2. B. It is recommended to do frequent, single row DMLs
3. C. It is recommended to validate the data before loading into the Snowflake target table
4. D. It is recommended to use staging tables to manage MERGE statements

Answers/Comments (12 found):
1. B talks about refrequent single row DMLs, which goes against columnar principle

2. A. VARIANT “null” values are not the same as SQL NULL values: In Snowflake, a VARIANT type can store semi-structured data like JSON. A JSON null is distinct from an SQL NULL. JSON null is treated as a valid value in Snowflake, while SQL NULL represents the absence of a value.

B. It is recommended to do frequent, single row DMLs: This is false. Snowflake is optimized for bulk operations, and frequent single-row DMLs (e.g., INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE) are not recommended as they can lead to inefficiencies and higher costs.

C. It is recommended to validate the data before loading into the Snowflake target table: This is true. Validating data before loading ensures data quality and avoids errors or inconsistencies in the target table.

D. It is recommended to use staging tables to manage MERGE statements: This is true. Staging tables are often used to prepare and validate data before applying MERGE operations, which helps ensure data integrity and efficiency.

Correct Choices: A, C, D

3. ACD are correct

4. ACD are correct

5. ACD are correct

6. Variant NULL values:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/semistructured-considerations#label-variant-null

7. ACD is correct answer.

8. The result must be deterministic for merge so source can be any reference data source only constraint it should create/modify unique rows

9. ACD are correct

10. Frequent Single rows on any MPP like Snowflake has always been a no no!
Function of an OLTP DB

11. Frequent single row DML? Hell nah. ACD is the way to go.

12. ACD, Correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 38
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 38 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which statements are true of micro-partitions? (Choose two.)
A. They are approximately 16MB in size
B. They are stored compressed only if COMPRESS=TRUE on Table
C. They are immutable
D. They are only encrypted in the Enterprise edition and above
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. They are approximately 16MB in size
2. B. They are stored compressed only if COMPRESS=TRUE on Table
3. C. They are immutable
4. D. They are only encrypted in the Enterprise edition and above

Answers/Comments (12 found):
1. - micro-partitions are small in size (50 to 500 MB, before compression) - 16 MB must comes from old version/question
- COMPRESSION = NONE is the right

2. Your answer was a little unclear to me. Uncompressed the data of a micro partition would be around 50-500 MB, while compressed it is around 16 MB.

Second answer is that these micro partitions are immutable

3. A and C are Correct.after loading into the table the data would be compressed.

4. A and C are correct

5. AC are correct

6. I believe A and C are correct.

7. The size of 50-500MB is for uncompressed data and micropartition itself holds around 16MB(after compression).
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/67945427/clarification-on-the-snowflake-micro-partition-size

8. AC are correct

9. AC correct

10. A and C. They are approximately 16MB in size and also immutable.

11. 16 MB compressed

12. Answer is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 39
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 39 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Query ID's are unique across all Snowflake deployments and can be used in communication with Snowflake Support to help troubleshoot issues.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. A is correct

2. https://community.snowflake.com/s/question/0D5Do000011qRx6KAE/is-query-ids-are-unique-across-all-snowflake-deployments-and-can-be-used-in-communication-with-snowflake-support-to-help-troubleshoot-issues

3. Yes True

4. Correct answer:A

5. Snowflake Query_ID is generated by UUID and is UNIQUE across all the snowflake accounts

6. B. False

7. True
Snowflake Query_ID is generated by UUID and is UNIQUE across all regions
https://community.snowflake.com/s/question/0D5Do000011qRx6KAE/is-query-ids-are-unique-across-all-snowflake-deployments-and-can-be-used-in-communication-with-snowflake-support-to-help-troubleshoot-issues

8. Query ID should be unique across all sessions. A is correct answer

9. A is correct

10. Answer would be A in accordance with the following: 
https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/Check-for-a-query-executed-in-the-session

11. A is correct

12. A is true. 
QueryID is based on UUID and they are unique among all the snowflake accounts. So when you are submitting a case and you just provide queryID and nothing else even in those cases, Snowflake support will be able to locate your query. Though Support may obviously ask for more information in order to help you better.

13. TRUE, you can send your QID to SF support to help solve issues.

14. TRUE you need to send your QID to the SF support to evaluate errors too.

15. it's true

16. Answer is A.
QueryID is based on UUID and they are unique among all the snowflake accounts.

17. True:
Upon execution each query in Snowflake receives its' own unique query ID which can be used to access the query results at a later stage, obtain help on the query from Snowflake support or try to analyze or tune the query execution.
https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/Check-for-a-query-executed-in-the-session

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 40
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 40 DISCUSSION

Question:
A deterministic query is run at 8am, takes 5 minutes, and the results are cached. Which of the following statements are true? (Choose two.)
A. The exact query will ALWAYS return the precomputed result set for the RESULT_CACHE_ACTIVE = time period
B. The same exact query will return the precomputed results if the underlying data hasn't changed and the results were last accessed within previous 24 hour period
C. The same exact query will return the precomputed results even if the underlying data has changed as long as the results were last accessed within the previous 24 hour period
D. The ג€24 hourג€ timer on the precomputed results gets renewed every time the exact query is executed
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. The exact query will ALWAYS return the precomputed result set for the RESULT_CACHE_ACTIVE = time period
2. B. The same exact query will return the precomputed results if the underlying data hasn't changed and the results were last accessed within previous 24 hour period
3. C. The same exact query will return the precomputed results even if the underlying data has changed as long as the results were last accessed within the previous 24 hour period
4. D. The ג€24 hourג€ timer on the precomputed results gets renewed every time the exact query is executed

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. correct answer is B, D

2. b and d are the correct options

3. B & D, cache is only for 24hr, if data doesn't change, and renews TTL if queried again

4. B -Snowflake's result cache will return the precomputed results if the data has not changed and the cached results are still valid (within 24 hours of the last access).

D- Every time the query is executed, the 24-hour timer for the cached results is reset, extending the validity of the cached results.

5. B and D

6. B and D are correct

7. esas son las correctas b y d

8. BD I think, but bad wording on B: "previous" 24 hours would mean before the original query was run, so taken literally this is incorrect but I think they mean the next 24 hours.

9. correct answer is B, D

10. BD
Explanation for D is here 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/querying-persisted-results.html

11. BD are correct

12. BD is the correct answer

13. BD for sure

14. Obviously it is B,D by MinuteMaid

15. The results cache will only be used if it's the same query AND the same role executing the query

16. B and D are correct

17. answer BD

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 41
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 41 DISCUSSION

Question:
Increasing the maximum number of clusters in a Multi-Cluster Warehouse is an example of:
A. Scaling rhythmically
B. Scaling max
C. Scaling out
D. Scaling up
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Scaling rhythmically
2. B. Scaling max
3. C. Scaling out
4. D. Scaling up

Answers/Comments (18 found):
1. Scale up by resizing a warehouse.

Scale out by adding clusters to a multi-cluster warehouse (requires Snowflake Enterprise Edition or higher).

2. The questions are good, but the accepted answers are BAD.

3. Scaling out refers to adding more nodes or clusters to a system to handle increased workload. In Snowflake, increasing the maximum number of clusters in a Multi-Cluster Warehouse is an example of scaling out because it adds more compute resources (clusters) to distribute the workload.

4. scaling out/in - multi cluster VWH ; scaling up/down : vwh resizing.

5. Option C

6. Scale out is correct answer

7. Correct answer:C

8. Scaling out is correct

9. C. Scaling out

10. I am seeing wrong answers for at least one question in every 10 questions.

11. Snowflake supports two ways to scale warehouses:

Scale up by resizing a warehouse.

Scale out by adding clusters to a multi-cluster warehouse (requires Snowflake Enterprise Edition or higher).

12. SCALLING OUT

13. D is correct

14. Scale out by adding more, and scale up is increasing hardware power for the single system

15. Scaling out is correct

16. Scaling Max Clusters.


Stephen Okon
Increasing the maximum number of clusters in a Multi-Cluster Warehouse is an example of:
A. Scaling rhythmically
B. Scaling max
C. Scaling out
D. Scaling up

The correct answer is B. Scaling max.

Scaling max refers to increasing the maximum limit of resources that can be allocated to a system or application. In the context of a Multi-Cluster Warehouse, increasing the maximum number of clusters would require more resources to be allocated to the system in order to accommodate the additional clusters. This is an example of scaling max because it involves increasing the maximum limit of resources that can be allocated to the Multi-Cluster Warehouse.

Scaling rhythmically, on the other hand, refers to increasing or decreasing resources in a gradual and predictable manner based on the workload of the system. Scaling out involves adding more instances of a system or application to distribute the workload across multiple nodes. Scaling up involves increasing the resources of a single node in order to handle a larger workload.

17. this completely make sense but couldn't find it in the documentation

18. Correct answer : C
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations#scaling-up-vs-scaling-out

Snowflake supports two ways to scale warehouses:
1. Scale up by resizing a warehouse.
2. Scale out by adding clusters to a multi-cluster warehouse (requires Snowflake Enterprise Edition or higher).

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 42
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 42 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which statement best describes Snowflake tables?
A. Snowflake tables are logical representations of underlying physical data
B. Snowflake tables are the physical instantiation of data loaded into Snowflake
C. Snowflake tables require that clustering keys be defined to perform optimally
D. Snowflake tables are owned by a user
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Snowflake tables are logical representations of underlying physical data
2. B. Snowflake tables are the physical instantiation of data loaded into Snowflake
3. C. Snowflake tables require that clustering keys be defined to perform optimally
4. D. Snowflake tables are owned by a user

Answers/Comments (12 found):
1. Snowflake, tables are logical structures that represent the data stored in the underlying cloud storage . Snowflake manages the physical storage and optimization of the data transparently.

2. A is Correct

3. A is correct

4. The best statement that describes Snowflake tables is Snowflake tables are logical representations of underlying physical data.
Snowflake tables do not require that clustering keys be defined to perform optimally. However, defining clustering keys can improve the performance of queries that filter or sort the data.
Snowflake tables can be owned by a user or by a role.
Therefore, the correct answer is 
A. Snowflake tables are logical representations of underlying physical data.

5. C seems correct too. Snowflake tables require clustering keys to perform optimally. Clustering keys help manage micro partitions for a table, which in turn helps in query performance by means of partition pruning.

6. Clustering is defined automatically by SF, not by the user, and clustering is an output of MPs, which are based on contiguous records. You can overwrite clustering keys but it is not recommended.

7. A is correct

8. A is correct

9. Was on exam 20/12/2022

10. A is correct

11. A is correct answer.

12. Answer A

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 43
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 43 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which item in the Data Warehouse migration process does not apply in Snowflake?
A. Migrate Users
B. Migrate Schemas
C. Migrate Indexes
D. Build the Data Pipeline
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Migrate Users
2. B. Migrate Schemas
3. C. Migrate Indexes
4. D. Build the Data Pipeline

Answers/Comments (9 found):
1. Snowflake does not use indexes. Answer is C

2. it has micro partition and automatic clustering so doesnt use indexes

3. Migrate Indexes is correct answer

4. Migrate indexes

5. C is correct

6. Correct

7. C is correct

8. C is correct

9. Answer is C

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 44
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 44 DISCUSSION

Question:
Snowflake provides two mechanisms to reduce data storage costs for short-lived tables. These mechanisms are: (Choose two.)
A. Temporary Tables
B. Transient Tables
C. Provisional Tables
D. Permanent Tables
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Temporary Tables
2. B. Transient Tables
3. C. Provisional Tables
4. D. Permanent Tables

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. Temporary / provisional are true

2. Temporary and Transient Tables

3. A and B

4. AB is correct

5. AB is correct

6. A&B are correct

7. Answer is correct.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 45
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 45 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is the maximum compressed row size in Snowflake?
A. 8KB
B. 16MB
C. 50MB
D. 4000GB
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. 8KB
2. B. 16MB
3. C. 50MB
4. D. 4000GB

Answers/Comments (11 found):
1. Was on exam 20/12/2022

2. For columns of the following types, the maximum allowed length is 128 MB:

VARCHAR

VARIANT

ARRAY

OBJECT

For columns of the following types, the maximum allowed length is 64 MB:

BINARY

GEOGRAPHY

GEOMETRY

3. Historically, this limit for many of these "large object" (LOB) types was 16 MB (compressed). However, Snowflake has increased these limits in recent updates (BCR Bundles).

Current (or recently increased) limits for individual column values:

128 MB for VARCHAR, VARIANT, ARRAY, and OBJECT.

64 MB for BINARY, GEOGRAPHY, and GEOMETRY.

4. 16MB is correct

5. 16 Mb is the max compressed size

6. B.16MB

7. B is correct

8. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-considerations-prepare.html#semi-structured-data-size-limitations
16MB per row captured in the variant field

9. B is correct

10. B is correct

11. MAX size for compressed data for semi-structured data type is also 16 MB. That means if our table has a semi-structured data type column with 16MB data other columns will have NULL data.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 46
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 46 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following are main sections of the top navigation of the Snowflake Web Interface (UI)? (Choose three.)
A. Databases
B. Tables
C. Warehouses
D. Worksheets
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Databases
2. B. Tables
3. C. Warehouses
4. D. Worksheets

Answers/Comments (9 found):
1. Deprecated question

2. This is an old question now. Worksheets are now contained inside "Projects" and it isn't called the SF Web Interface any more (deprecated), it's now called SnowSight.

3. And Tables are stored under Databases

4. A,C,D are correct

5. ACD are correct

6. ACD is correct

7. ACD is correct

8. Answer is correct.

9. Answer is correct.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 47
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 47 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is the recommended Snowflake data type to store semi-structured data like JSON?
A. VARCHAR
B. RAW
C. LOB
D. VARIANT
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. VARCHAR
2. B. RAW
3. C. LOB
4. D. VARIANT

Answers/Comments (11 found):
1. D is correct

2. D. VARIANT

The VARIANT data type is specifically designed to efficiently store and query semi-structured data such as JSON, Avro, Parquet, and XML. It allows Snowflake to handle complex data structures and perform schema-on-read operations, making it ideal for storing and processing semi-structured data.

3. Variant

4. D . Variant

5. VARIANT

6. Correct

7. Object, Variant and Array are the semi structured data types supports in snowflake.

8. D is correct

9. D is correct

10. Answer D is correct.

11. Answer is correct.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 48
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 48 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following statements are true of Snowflake releases: (Choose two.)
A. They happen approximately weekly
B. They roll up and release approximately monthly, but customers can request early release application
C. During a release, new customer requests/queries/connections transparently move over to the newer version
D. A customer is assigned a 30 minute window (that can be moved anytime within a week) during which the system will be unavailable and customer is upgraded
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. They happen approximately weekly
2. B. They roll up and release approximately monthly, but customers can request early release application
3. C. During a release, new customer requests/queries/connections transparently move over to the newer version
4. D. A customer is assigned a 30 minute window (that can be moved anytime within a week) during which the system will be unavailable and customer is upgraded

Answers/Comments (19 found):
1. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-releases.html

2. ac is correct

3. A and C

4. Correct answer:AC

5. A. They happen approximately weekly
C. During a release, new customer requests/queries/connections transparently move over to the newer version

Snowflake operates on a continuous delivery model, with updates and improvements being rolled out frequently, typically on a weekly basis. These updates are designed to be seamless, with new requests, queries, and connections being transparently handled by the updated version without causing disruption to the users.

Therefore, the correct options are:

A. They happen approximately weekly
C. During a release, new customer requests/queries/connections transparently move over to the newer version

6. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-releases.html
We deploy new releases each week. The deployments happen transparently in the background; users experience no downtime or disruption of service, and are always assured of running on the most-recent release with access to the latest features.

7. A and C

8. ac
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-releases.html

9. CD is correct

10. Check the doc: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-releases

11. AC is correct

12. as per the documentation

13. AC are correct

14. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-releases.html

15. AC are correct

16. The answer looks A& C according to the documents on :-
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-releases.html
"....Snowflake is committed to providing a seamless, always up-to-date experience for our users while also delivering ever-increasing value through rapid development and continual innovation.
To meet this commitment, we deploy new releases each week."

"... This topic describes the process we follow for weekly releases, including the option to request 24-hour early access for Enterprise Edition (and higher) accounts to enable additional release testing (if desired)."

17. Only C is correct, because it's not approximately weekly, it's weekly without error

18. I'd assume that that's what they mean with "approximately"...

19. weekly pushes can be skipped if there if a full release scheduled nearby

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 49
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 49 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following are common use cases for zero-copy cloning? (Choose three.)
A. Quick provisioning of Dev and Test/QA environments
B. Data backups
C. Point in time snapshots
D. Performance optimization
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Quick provisioning of Dev and Test/QA environments
2. B. Data backups
3. C. Point in time snapshots
4. D. Performance optimization

Answers/Comments (11 found):
1. is not for optimization

2. A,B,C are correct

3. A,B,C are correct

4. A B and C are correct

5. I think replication better represents data backup. Zero copy clone does not create physical backups, it's two logical data objects pointing to the same physical location.

6. I think it's meant as a backup in the same way that it's a snapshot. It has data up to a certain point in time, then when the original table is modified, you still have the clone.

7. ABC correct

8. ABC is correct

9. ABC is correct

10. ABC chocolate

11. Correct answer

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 50
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 50 DISCUSSION

Question:
If a Small Warehouse is made up of 2 servers/cluster, how many servers/cluster make up a Medium Warehouse?
A. 4
B. 16
C. 32
D. 128
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. 4
2. B. 16
3. C. 32
4. D. 128

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. Correct answer. With each warehouse size incremental increase everything doubles including cost

2. 2*2=4 is correct

3. 4 is correct Answer

4. A is correct

5. A is correct

6. Was on exam Dec 31st, 2022

7. A is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 51
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 51 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: When a data share is established between a Data Provider and a Data Consumer, the Data Consumer can extend that data share to other Data
Consumers.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (14 found):
1. consumers cannot share

2. B.False

3. Shared object cannot be further shared. Hence its FALSE

4. B. False

5. False, giving acces to perticular consumer is only more but can tht consumer can share that to another consumer

6. FALSE General Limitations for Shared Databases¶
Shared databases have the following limitations for consumers:

Shared databases are read-only. Users in a consumer account can view/query data, but cannot insert or update data, or create any objects in the database.

The following actions are not supported:

Creating a clone of a shared database or any schemas/tables in the database.

Time Travel for a shared database or any schemas/tables in the database.

Editing the comments for a shared database.

Shared databases and all the objects in the database cannot be re-shared with other accounts.
Shared databases cannot be replicated.

7. Correct

8. B is correct

9. yeah, you can not re-share your share. but in real live, I did it using dbt.

10. B is correct

11. Consumer can't re-shared DB object to another consumer.

12. Answer False.

13. It makes sense not allowed to

14. Consumer can't re-shared DB object to another consumer.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-share-consumers.html

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 52
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 52 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which is true of Snowflake network policies? A Snowflake network policy: (Choose two.)
A. Is available to all Snowflake Editions
B. Is only available to customers with Business Critical Edition
C. Restricts or enables access to specific IP addresses
D. Is activated using an ג€ALTER DATABASEג€ command
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Is available to all Snowflake Editions
2. B. Is only available to customers with Business Critical Edition
3. C. Restricts or enables access to specific IP addresses
4. D. Is activated using an ג€ALTER DATABASEג€ command

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. AC is correct

2. C and A are Correct

3. A and C

4. AC are correct

5. AC are correct

6. Sample SQL: create or replace network policy mypolicy1 allowed_ip_list=('192.168.1.0/24') blocked_ip_list=('192.168.1.99');

7. Answer is correct.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 53
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 53 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Snowflake charges additional fees to Data Providers for each Share they create.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. According to the documentation sited:

"The costs for sharing data with Snowflake are minimal and straightforward. Data providers simply pay Snowflake for the data they store, and data consumers pay for the compute resources their queries consume."

2. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-sharing-intro
According to docs, there is no separate cost to provider for creating the Share.
Shared data does not take up any storage in a consumer account and therefore does not contribute to the consumer’s monthly data storage charges. The only charges to consumers are for the compute resources (i.e. virtual warehouses) used to query the shared data.

Because no data is copied or exchanged, Secure Data Sharing setup is quick and easy for providers and access to the shared data is near-instantaneous for consumers

3. not charge additional fee

4. B False

5. Correct answer:B no additional cost other than storage

6. This question is incomplete - it depends if its READER account (on cross cloud platform/non SF platform) or if its on same SF platform (same Cloud) consumer account. For Reader Account billing is on Provider account, for Consumer Account (same SF cloud) - its on Consumer Account

7. B. False

8. FALSE. 

There is no additional cost based on number of shares created instead the charges are based on storage used.

9. https://community.snowflake.com/s/question/0D50Z00008MpYp8SAF/how-the-cost-for-data-storage-for-data-shared-is-calculated-in-snowflake-data-sharing

10. "The costs for sharing data with Snowflake are minimal and straightforward. Data providers simply pay Snowflake for the data they store, and data consumers pay for the compute resources their queries consume."

11. No, there is no additional charge. This is because, when you share data, no actual data is copied, so there is no additional storage required and therefore no associated additional cost. Even the process of creating the share and granting privileges for databases and other supported database objects (schemas, UDFs, tables, and views) to a share does not incur any direct cost since these are metadata operations and are thus part of Cloud Services. Snowflake credits are used to pay for the usage of the cloud services that exceeds 10% of the daily usage of the compute resources. Usage for cloud services is charged only if the daily consumption of cloud services exceeds 10% of the daily usage of the compute resources.

If data is shared outside the region where the Snowflake account is hosted then will be additional storage costs for replication.

12. There is ne additional fee for datashare itself

13. A is correct

14. There is no extra cost in a share

15. No additional cost for share.

16. As documentation there are no additional costs for the share

17. Sharing is free as it within Snowflake accounts

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 54
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 54 DISCUSSION

Question:
Query results are stored in the Result Cache for how long after they are last accessed, assuming no data changes have occurred?
A. 1 Hour
B. 3 Hours
C. 12 hours
D. 24 hours
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. 1 Hour
2. B. 3 Hours
3. C. 12 hours
4. D. 24 hours

Answers/Comments (9 found):
1. D is correct

2. 24 hours

3. 24 hours

4. D is correct

5. 24 HOURS

6. Correct

7. D is correct

8. D is correct

9. Answer is correct.
"Which holds the results of every query executed in the past 24 hours. These are available across virtual warehouses, so query results returned to one user is available to any other user on the system who executes the same query, provided the underlying data has not changed."

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 55
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 55 DISCUSSION

Question:
A role is created and owns 2 tables. This role is then dropped. Who will now own the two tables?
A. The tables are now orphaned
B. The user that deleted the role
C. SYSADMIN
D. The assumed role that dropped the role
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. The tables are now orphaned
2. B. The user that deleted the role
3. C. SYSADMIN
4. D. The assumed role that dropped the role

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. A user can't own a table. Ownership of any objects owned by the dropped role is transferred to the *role* that executes the DROP ROLE command.

2. who drop table own this table

3. Ownership of any objects owned by the dropped role is transferred to the role that executes the DROP ROLE command.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/drop-role#usage-notes

4. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/drop-role#usage-notes

5. D is Correct

6. D. The assumed role that dropped the role

In Snowflake, when a role is dropped, the ownership of objects owned by that role (such as tables) is transferred to the role that performed the drop operation. Therefore, the assumed role that dropped the role will now own the two tables.

7. D is correct

8. Correct answer is D
Ownership of any objects owned by the dropped role is transferred to the role that executes the DROP ROLE command. 

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/drop-role#usage-notes

9. D. Dropped roles cannot be recovered; they must be recreated.

Ownership of any objects owned by the dropped role is transferred to the role that executes the DROP ROLE command. To transfer ownership of each of these objects to a different role, use GRANT OWNERSHIP … COPY CURRENT GRANTS.

10. D is the RIGHT ANSWER

11. D is correct

12. D is the RIGHT ANSWER

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/drop-role#usage-notes

Ownership of any objects owned by the dropped role is transferred to the role that executes the DROP ROLE command. To transfer ownership of each of these objects to a different role, use GRANT OWNERSHIP … COPY CURRENT GRANTS.

13. Users don´t own objects, role does so answer is D

14. D is correct

15. D is correct

16. B is correct

17. B Correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 56
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 56 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following connectors are available in the Downloads section of the Snowflake Web Interface (UI)? (Choose two.)
A. SnowSQL
B. ODBC
C. R
D. HIVE
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. SnowSQL
2. B. ODBC
3. C. R
4. D. HIVE

Answers/Comments (13 found):
1. ab is correct

2. Snowflake CLI

Snowflake CLI Download

ODBC Driver

ODBC Download

Snowpark API

Snowpark Client Download

Drivers

Drivers and Libraries

Scala and Java connectors

Drivers and Libraries

SnowCD

Drivers and Libraries

Snowpark ML

Drivers and Libraries

3. Snowsql and ODBC

4. I guess this question has no correct answer right now. 'Download' button is missing in current UI version (Snowsight):
https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/How-to-download-snowflake-connectors-and-drivers-from-the-web-interface

And now, for all new users, this seems to be the only UI available:
https://community.snowflake.com/s/question/0D5Do00000gX8ovKAC/how-to-get-classic-console

5. A and B

6. AB the right ans.

7. Correct

8. AB, but I think that ODBC is not a connector. It is a driver.

9. AB is correct

10. AB - Snow SQL and ODBC
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/snowflake-client-repository.html

11. AB are correct

12. A&B are correct

13. Answer are A & B

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 57
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 57 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following DML commands isn't supported by Snowflake?
A. UPSERT
B. MERGE
C. UPDATE
D. TRUNCATE TABLE
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. UPSERT
2. B. MERGE
3. C. UPDATE
4. D. TRUNCATE TABLE

Answers/Comments (10 found):
1. There is nothing called UPSERT in snowflake. MERGE = UPDATE+INSERT+DELETE. Also, unlike other databases TRUNCATE is considered DML in snowflake.

2. there is no upsert

3. A.UPSERT

4. A. correct

5. TRUNCATE TABLE is DDL operation, as far as I know it drops tables and recreates it.

6. A is correct

7. A is correct

8. What is the correct answer if not UPSERT?

9. There is nothing called UPSERT in snowflake. MERGE = UPDATE+INSERT.

10. Commands for inserting, deleting, updating, and merging data in Snowflake tables:
INSERT
INSERT (multi-table)
MERGE
UPDATE
DELETE
TRUNCATE TABLE

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 58
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 58 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following statements is true of zero-copy cloning?
A. Zero-copy clones increase storage costs as cloning the table requires storing its data twice
B. All zero-copy clone objects inherit the privileges of their original objects
C. Zero-copy cloning is licensed as an additional Snowflake feature
D. At the instance/instant a clone is created, all micro-partitions in the original table and the clone are fully shared
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Zero-copy clones increase storage costs as cloning the table requires storing its data twice
2. B. All zero-copy clone objects inherit the privileges of their original objects
3. C. Zero-copy cloning is licensed as an additional Snowflake feature
4. D. At the instance/instant a clone is created, all micro-partitions in the original table and the clone are fully shared

Answers/Comments (13 found):
1. Answer:D
 why not B? Note that the clone of the container itself (database or schema) does not inherit the privileges granted on the source container.

2. no extra cost/ can't inherit privilege;

3. The answer id B

4. It is D

5. Yes the answer is D

6. Answer is D

7. Correct

8. D is the answer.

9. Was on exam Dec 31st, 2022

10. D is the answer.

11. D is correct, but take into account that if the cloned or the original table make any change to the data, this change does not affect the other table. They are independent objects

12. From: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-clone.html -- If the COPY GRANTS keywords are used, then the new object inherits any explicit access privileges granted on the original table but does not inherit any future grants defined for the object type in the schema.

If the COPY GRANTS keywords are not used, then the new object clone does not inherit any explicit access privileges granted on the original table but does inherit any future grants defined for the object type in the schema (using the GRANT <privileges> … TO ROLE … ON FUTURE syntax).
Answer: D

13. Answer D

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 59
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 59 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: When a user creates a role, they are initially assigned ownership of the role and they maintain ownership until it is transferred to another user.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (19 found):
1. By default, a newly-created role is not assigned to any user, nor granted to any other role.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-overview.html

2. The question is regarding the assignment of ownership, not the assignment of the role.

B is still correct though since the role is not initially owned by the user but rather by the role the user used during creation.

3. it's a tricky question because "users" cannot own "roles". the role created is owned by the role that the user who created it was currently using. so role owned by role (assumed by user at the time)

4. when a user creates a role, they are not automatically assigned as the owner of that role

5. In Snowflake, when a user creates a role, they are automatically assigned as the owner of that role

6. A. 
"OWNERSHIP is required to execute a CREATE OR ALTER ROLE statement for an existing role.
OWNERSHIP is a special privilege on an object that is automatically granted to the role that created the object, but can also be transferred using the GRANT OWNERSHIP command to a different role by the owning role (or any role with the MANAGE GRANTS privilege). "
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-role

7. It is important to make the distinction between Users and Roles, users do not have any privelages including ownership this falls upon the role so rather than the user the ownership will go to the intial role used to create the new role.

8. yes, the creator maintains ownership until it is explicitly transferred to another role or user.

9. When a user creates a role, they are initially assigned ownership to ensure that there is a clear and accountable owner who can manage the role’s permissions and responsibilities. This ownership can be transferred to another user or role if needed, providing flexibility in managing access control.

10. When a user creates a role, they are initially assigned ownership of the role and maintain ownership until it is transferred to another user. This aligns with the DAC model where the owner of an object has the discretion to grant access to other users or roles

11. The ownership is defaulted to an actual role of the actual user

12. The role owner has full control

13. Due to role hierarchy approach in snowflake, roles own other objects, not users. Ownership can be transferred to another role. So B.

14. answer A

15. The answer is A. True.

In Snowflake, when a user creates a role, they automatically become the owner of that role and retain ownership until it is explicitly transferred to another user. This is an important security concept in Snowflake's access control model:

Key points:
- The creator of a role becomes its owner by default
- Role ownership gives special privileges for managing that role
- Only the role owner can grant or revoke role privileges (unless ownership is transferred)
- Ownership transfer must be done explicitly using the GRANT OWNERSHIP command
- Role ownership is distinct from role membership

This is important for the SnowPro Core exam as it relates to Snowflake's security model and role-based access control (RBAC) implementation.

16. Sounds convincing, but you need to provide evidence. Users do not create roles. Users are granted the ability to assume a role, and then a role creates another role. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-overview#roles

17. **True.**

When a user creates a role in Snowflake, they are automatically assigned as the owner of that role. This ownership includes the ability to grant privileges, revoke privileges, and transfer ownership of the role. The user retains ownership of the role until it is explicitly transferred to another user, typically using the `GRANT OWNERSHIP` command. 

Ownership transfer is required if someone else needs to fully control or manage that role's permissions.

18. That’s correct! In Snowflake, when a user creates a role, they are automatically assigned ownership of that role. This ownership includes the ability to grant and revoke privileges on the role, as well as the ability to transfer ownership to another user. The user retains ownership until they explicitly transfer it to someone else.

19. Correct answer:B 
ownership cannot be transfered

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 60
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 60 DISCUSSION

Question:
The Query History in the Snowflake Web Interface (UI) is kept for approximately:
A. 60 minutes
B. 24 hours
C. 14 days
D. 30 days
E. 1 year
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. 60 minutes
2. B. 24 hours
3. C. 14 days
4. D. 30 days
5. E. 1 year

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. Answer C
History page holds 14days data
account usage->Access_history holds 1year data

2. Answer should be C (14 days)
As per docs - Query History page available under Activity Menu on Web UI, holds query data for 14 days.
And you can Query_history view available in Account_Usage schema holds query data for 365 days

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-snowsight-activity#query-history
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/account-usage/query_history

3. 14 days is correct

4. 14 Days

5. The answer is C:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-snowsight-activity

6. 14 days

7. C. 14 days

The Query History in the Snowflake Web Interface (UI) is kept for approximately 14 days. This allows users to review and analyze queries executed within that timeframe.

8. 14 days via web interfaces and 1 year via SQL query

9. C correct

10. E is the answer

11. 14 days

12. correct for the Web UI perspective

13. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview.html

14. 14 days

15. This Account Usage view can be used to query Snowflake query history by various dimensions (time range, session, user, warehouse, etc.) within the last 365 days (1 year).

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/account-usage/query_history.html

16. The History History tab page allows you to view and drill into the details of all queries executed in the last 14 days

17. QUERY_HISTORY View
This Account Usage view can be used to query Snowflake query history by various dimensions (time range, session, user, warehouse, etc.) within the last 365 days (1 year).

The view is available in both the ACCOUNT_USAGE and READER_ACCOUNT_USAGE schemas with the following differences:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 61
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 61 DISCUSSION

Question:
To run a Multi-Cluster Warehouse in auto-scale mode, a user would:
A. Configure the Maximum Clusters setting to ג€Auto-Scaleג€
B. Set the Warehouse type to ג€Autoג€
C. Set the Minimum Clusters and Maximum Clusters settings to the same value
D. Set the Minimum Clusters and Maximum Clusters settings to the different values
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Configure the Maximum Clusters setting to ג€Auto-Scaleג€
2. B. Set the Warehouse type to ג€Autoג€
3. C. Set the Minimum Clusters and Maximum Clusters settings to the same value
4. D. Set the Minimum Clusters and Maximum Clusters settings to the different values

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. If you set the minimum cluster count less than the maximum cluster count, then the warehouse runs in Auto-scale mode.

2. max and min are different vales

3. D is Correct

4. D is correct

5. D is correct

6. The answer is correct as per 
Auto-scale: 
This mode is enabled by specifying different values for maximum and minimum number of clusters. In this mode, Snowflake starts and stops clusters as needed to dynamically manage the load on the warehouse:

As the number of concurrent user sessions and/or queries for the warehouse increases, and queries start to queue due to insufficient resources, Snowflake automatically starts additional clusters, up to the maximum number defined for the warehouse.

Similarly, as the load on the warehouse decreases, Snowflake automatically shuts down clusters to reduce the number of running clusters and, correspondingly, the number of credits used by the warehouse.
refer: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-multicluster.html

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 62
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 62 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following terms best describes Snowflake's database architecture?
A. Columnar shared nothing
B. Shared disk
C. Multi-cluster, shared data
D. Cloud-native shared memory
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Columnar shared nothing
2. B. Shared disk
3. C. Multi-cluster, shared data
4. D. Cloud-native shared memory

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. Built from the ground up for the cloud, Snowflake’s unique multi-cluster shared data architecture delivers the performance, scale, elasticity, and concurrency today’s organizations require.
https://www.snowflake.com/product/architecture/

2. c is correct

3. C is correct

4. Correct answer:C

5. C. Multi-cluster, shared data

Snowflake's database architecture is best described as multi-cluster, shared data. This architecture separates compute and storage, allowing multiple compute clusters to access the same data concurrently and scale independently.

6. It's answer C. yes you share your disk, but shared data is the best way to describe their architecture apparently. this is also a question in their Level Up: Snowflake Key Concepts & Architecture.

Which ONE of the following terms BEST describes Snowflake's Architecture?
Shared Disk
Shared Nothing
Shared Data
Shared Memory

Shared data was correct.

7. Answer is B
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts
you cannot find a word with multi-cluster in the entire page.

8. Are these answers given by Exam topics or these answers are given by snowflake? Cause in second case its worrying what happens when they ask this question in exam

9. It should be B. Its a shared disk architecture. For the multi cluster to access this data first the physcial disk sotring the data should be shareable. So B should be correct. Multicluster shared data comes in picture only when question is about data processing which in this case its a MPP.

10. https://www.snowflake.com/product/architecture/?lang=pt-br


Built from the ground up for the cloud, Snowflake’s unique multi-cluster shared data architecture delivers the performance, scale, elasticity, and concurrency today’s organizations require.

11. B because question is about Snowflake's database architecture only

12. C is correct

13. Answer should be C

14. Answer is B 
Snowflake’s architecture is a hybrid of traditional shared-disk and shared-nothing database architectures. Similar to shared-disk architectures, Snowflake uses a central data repository for persisted data that is accessible from all compute nodes in the platform. But similar to shared-nothing architectures, Snowflake processes queries using MPP (massively parallel processing) compute clusters where each node in the cluster stores a portion of the entire data set locally. This approach offers the data management simplicity of a shared-disk architecture, but with the performance and scale-out benefits of a shared-nothing architecture.

15. C is correct

16. C is correct

17. Was on exam Dec 31st, 2022

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 63
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 63 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following are options when creating a Virtual Warehouse? (Choose two.)
A. Auto-drop
B. Auto-resize
C. Auto-resume
D. Auto-suspend
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Auto-drop
2. B. Auto-resize
3. C. Auto-resume
4. D. Auto-suspend

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. CD is correct

2. D Is correct

3. its D only, i think C is not present now,

4. CD are correct

5. C & D are correct

6. C & D are correct

7. The answer is correct. When creating a warehouse, you could assign auto-suspend time from 5 minutes to never and you could tick the auto-resume function ( it is ticked by default). The function means that if you stock use the warehouse, the warehouse will be suspended by your assigned auto suspended time and auto-resume when you start to query

8. Answer is correct.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 64
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 64 DISCUSSION

Question:
A Virtual Warehouse's auto-suspend and auto-resume settings apply to:
A. The primary cluster in the Virtual Warehouse
B. The entire Virtual Warehouse
C. The database the Virtual Warehouse resides in
D. The queries currently being run by the Virtual Warehouse
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. The primary cluster in the Virtual Warehouse
2. B. The entire Virtual Warehouse
3. C. The database the Virtual Warehouse resides in
4. D. The queries currently being run by the Virtual Warehouse

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. entire warehouse

2. B.Apply on entire virtual Warehouse

3. B is correct

4. The answer CORRECT and those settings are applied on the entire VM

5. Appy on entire Virtual Warehouse.

6. The entire virtual warehouse is the correct answer ey

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 65
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 65 DISCUSSION

Question:
Fail-safe is unavailable on which table types? (Choose two.)
A. Temporary
B. Transient
C. Provisional
D. Permanent
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Temporary
2. B. Transient
3. C. Provisional
4. D. Permanent

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. ab is correct

2. A and B are correct

3. AB are correct

4. A&B are correct

5. AB are correct

6. Yes, the answer is AB as a permanent table needs high reliability while the first two are temporaries and the C is not the function of snflk.

7. AB is correct

8. Transient and temporary tables have no Fail-safe period. As a result, no additional data storage charges are incurred beyond the Time Travel retention period.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 66
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 66 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following objects is not covered by Time Travel?
A. Tables
B. Schemas
C. Databases
D. Stages
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Tables
2. B. Schemas
3. C. Databases
4. D. Stages

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. stage is not covered

2. Stages

3. Correct

4. D is correct

5. D - STAGE

6. D is correct

7. D is correct

8. Answer is correct.
Restoring data-related objects (tables, schemas, and databases) that might have been accidentally or intentionally deleted.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 67
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 67 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Micro-partition metadata enables some operations to be completed without requiring Compute.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (9 found):
1. A. like count(*), min or max etc

2. like estimation functions

3. it is correct

4. A is corect

5. Correct

6. A is correct

7. A is correct

8. A is correct

9. Answer is correct.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 68
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 68 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following commands are not blocking operations? (Choose two.)
A. UPDATE
B. INSERT
C. MERGE
D. COPY
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. UPDATE
2. B. INSERT
3. C. MERGE
4. D. COPY

Answers/Comments (10 found):
1. BD

The following guidelines apply in most situations:

COMMIT operations (including both AUTOCOMMIT and explicit COMMIT) lock resources, but usually only briefly.
UPDATE, DELETE, and MERGE statements hold locks that generally prevent them from running in parallel with other UPDATE, DELETE, and MERGE statements.
Most INSERT and COPY statements write only new partitions. Those statements often can run in parallel with other INSERT and COPY operations, and sometimes can run in parallel with an UPDATE, DELETE, or MERGE statement.

2. Sorry INSERT and COPY. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/transactions.html
Transactional operations acquire locks on a resource, such as a table, while that resource is being modified. Locks block other statements from modifying the resource until the lock is released.

The following guidelines apply in most situations:

 COMMIT operations (including both AUTOCOMMIT and explicit COMMIT) lock resources, but usually only briefly.

 UPDATE, DELETE, and MERGE statements hold locks that generally prevent them from running in parallel with other UPDATE, DELETE, and MERGE statements.

 Most INSERT and COPY statements write only new partitions. Those statements often can run in parallel with other INSERT and COPY operations, and sometimes can run in parallel with an UPDATE, DELETE, or MERGE statement.

3. Here's why the other options are not typically blocking:

B. INSERT (Non-blocking): Inserting new data typically doesn't block other operations on the same table. Snowflake manages insertions efficiently and allows concurrent access for reads and other inserts.
D. COPY (Non-blocking in most cases): The COPY command for loading data is usually non-blocking. Snowflake manages the loading process in the background and allows other operations to proceed without interruption.

4. Correct

5. Answer is BD
Explanation:
Only UPDATE and DELETE DML operations are blocked when a table is locked. INSERT operations are NOT blocked. UPDATE, DELETE, and MERGE statements hold locks that generally prevent them from running in parallel with other UPDATE, DELETE, and MERGE statements. Most INSERT and COPY statements write only new partitions.

6. BD is correct

7. BD is correct

8. BD is correct

9. INSERT MERGE
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/transactions.html

10. Wrong. In link you shared:
...Most INSERT and COPY statements write only new partitions. Those statements often can run in parallel with other INSERT and COPY operations...

So I guess INSERT & COPY are correct answers.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 69
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 69 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following is true of Snowpipe via REST API? (Choose two.)
A. You can only use it on Internal Stages
B. All COPY INTO options are available during pipe creation
C. Snowflake automatically manages the compute required to execute the Pipe's COPY INTO commands
D. Snowpipe keeps track of which files it has loaded
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. You can only use it on Internal Stages
2. B. All COPY INTO options are available during pipe creation
3. C. Snowflake automatically manages the compute required to execute the Pipe's COPY INTO commands
4. D. Snowpipe keeps track of which files it has loaded

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. Answer is C & D.

Not B as:

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-pipe.html#usage-notes

All COPY INTO <table> copy options are supported except for the following:

FILES = ( 'file_name1' [ , 'file_name2', ... ] )

ON_ERROR = ABORT_STATEMENT

SIZE_LIMIT = num

PURGE = TRUE | FALSE (i.e. automatic purging while loading)

FORCE = TRUE | FALSE

2. C and D are correct

3. Correct Answer is CD

4. Correct answer:CD
since pipe is using serverless functionality

5. The correct options for what is true of Snowpipe via REST API are:

C. Snowflake automatically manages the compute required to execute the Pipe's COPY INTO commands
D. Snowpipe keeps track of which files it has loaded

6. Here's why the other options are not accurate:

A. You can only use it on Internal Stages: You can use Snowpipe via REST API with both Internal Stages (located within Snowflake storage) and External Stages (referencing data in external cloud storage providers like S3 or Azure Blob Storage).
B. All COPY INTO options are available during pipe creation: Not all COPY INTO options are available through the Snowpipe REST API for pipe creation. While the core functionality is supported, some advanced options might be limited through the API compared to directly using the COPY INTO command within Snowflake.

7. C & D:

Snowpipe uses Snowflake-provided compute resources:
https://docs.snowflake.com/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-intro#calling-snowpipe-rest-endpoints

8. BD are correct

9. Answer is C & D.

10. Ans should be C & D

11. CD are correct answer

12. CD are correct

13. C&D is right

14. CD are correct

15. CD are correct answer

16. Snowpipe copy into has certain restrictions.

17. Answer C D

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 70
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 70 DISCUSSION

Question:
Snowflake recommends, as a minimum, that all users with the following role(s) should be enrolled in Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA):
A. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN, PUBLIC, SYSADMIN
B. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN, SYSADMIN
C. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN
D. ACCOUNTADMIN
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN, PUBLIC, SYSADMIN
2. B. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN, SYSADMIN
3. C. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN
4. D. ACCOUNTADMIN

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. At a minimum, Snowflake strongly recommends that all users with the ACCOUNTADMIN role be required to use MFA.

2. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-mfa
In these cases, Snowflake recommends that each administrator set up a TOTP MFA method so that they can use an authenticator app as their second factor

3. see the red
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-mfa

4. this is the right answer.

5. MINIMUM is the keyword

6. If the account was created after the 2024_08 bundle was enabled, then all human users must enroll in MFA by default. For more information about this default behavior for new accounts, see the following:

7. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-mfa

Attention
At a minimum, Snowflake strongly recommends that all users with the ACCOUNTADMIN role be required to use MFA.

8. https://www.snowflake.com/en/blog/multi-factor-identification-default/

9. Answer is B but recently Snowflake announced that they are pushing for ALL users to have MFA and are requiring it by default.
https://www.snowflake.com/en/blog/multi-factor-identification-default/

10. Snowflake recommends that, at a minimum, all users with the following roles should be enrolled in Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA):

ACCOUNTADMIN
SYSADMIN
SECURITYADMIN

11. Snowflake Article, June 1 2024
We strongly recommend that customers enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) for admin users and users with access to sensitive data. This article provides instructions for reviewing which user accounts not currently leveraging MFA.

 
Snowflake supports multi-factor authentication (i.e., MFA) to provide increased login security for users connecting to Snowflake. MFA support is provided as an integrated Snowflake feature, powered by the Duo Security service, which is managed completely by Snowflake.

 
At a minimum, Snowflake strongly recommends that all users with the following system-defined roles enable MFA:

 
ACCOUNTADMIN
SECURITYADMIN
SYSADMIN

12. answer B

13. B. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN, SYSADMIN as of June 1, 2024

14. It doesn't make sense to me why they don't recommend securityadmin and sysadmin with MFA, but they really only recommend AccountAdmin. 
So D is correct.

15. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN, SYSADMIN

16. B. SECURITYADMIN, ACCOUNTADMIN, SYSADMIN as of June 1, 2024

17. ● Enforce MFA for all human users 
● Enforce External OAuth or Key-Pair for programmatic user access

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 71
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 71 DISCUSSION

Question:
When can a Virtual Warehouse start running queries?
A. 12am-5am
B. Only during administrator defined time slots
C. When its provisioning is complete
D. After replication
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. 12am-5am
2. B. Only during administrator defined time slots
3. C. When its provisioning is complete
4. D. After replication

Answers/Comments (16 found):
1. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview.html

"Warehouses can be started and stopped at any time."

2. Correct answer:C

3. Answer is C, when the synchronisation is complete

4. its C as the warehouse start executing the query after the provisioning. there is not specific time slot and no provision when an accountadmin specify a time window as long as the warehouse is running and the user have right privilege

5. The answer is C. "Warehouse provisioning is generally very fast (e.g. 1 or 2 seconds); however, depending on the size of the warehouse and the availability of compute resources to provision, it can take longer." And "If cost and access are not an issue, enable auto-resume to ensure that the warehouse starts whenever needed. Keep in mind that there might be a short delay in the resumption of the warehouse due to provisioning." https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations

6. B is correct

7. incorrect

8. C is correct

9. Immediately starts after the warehouse resource has been alocated

10. C is correct

11. Was on exam Dec 31st, 2022

12. C is correct, virtual warehouses can be configure to auto_resume=true/false, accordingly once it provision it start executing the queries.

13. C is correct

14. Answer - C

15. C is the answer

16. Answer is C

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 72
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 72 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Users are able to see the result sets of queries executed by other users that share their same role.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (10 found):
1. Answer is B

Viewing Query Results

A user cannot view the result set from a query that another user executed. This behavior is intentional. For security reasons, only the user who executed a query can access the query results.

2. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-considerations#viewing-query-results

3. B False

4. A user cannot view the result set from a query that another user executed. This behavior is intentional. For security reasons, only the user who executed a query can access the query results.

5. B. FALSE

6. B is correct

7. A user cannot view the result set from a query that another user executed. This behavior is intentional. For security reasons, only the user who executed a query can access the query results. This behavior is not connected to the Snowflake access control model for objects. Even a user with the ACCOUNTADMIN role cannot view the results for a query run by another user.

A user cannot view the result set from a query that another user executed, regardless of their assigned roles or privileges. Only the user who executed a query can access the query results.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-considerations.html#viewing-query-results

8. A user cannot view the result set from a query that another user executed. This behavior is intentional. For security reasons, only the user who executed a query can access the query results.

9. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-considerations.html#viewing-query-results

10. B is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 73
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 73 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: The user has to specify which cluster a query will run on in a multi-cluster Warehouse.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (11 found):
1. A user has to select a WAREHOUSE not a specific cluster within the warehouse.

2. B.false

3. B is correct

4. False - when select a warehouse you don't determine or have visibility to which cluster

5. Select the warehouse, not the cluster

6. B is the answer

7. It is False.. A user doesn't need to specify warehouse

8. User can use warehouse, but doesn't need to specify cluster.. So False

9. Answer: B

10. Selected Answer: B

11. A user has to select only the VW, not a specific cluster within the VW.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 74
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 74 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Pipes can be suspended and resumed.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-intro.html#pausing-or-resuming-pipes
Pausing or Resuming Pipes
In addition to the pipe owner, a role that has the following minimum permissions can pause or resume the pipe:

2. Pipe can be paused and resumed.

3. State of pipe can be suspend/resume

4. WHAT IS A PIPE?
● Schema-level object ● Named definition of a COPY INTO ● Loads data into tables continuously from an ingestion queue ● Can be suspended/resumed, return status

5. YES, A IS CORRECT

6. Pausing or Resuming Pipes

7. CAN PAUSE, BUT PIPE SUSPENDED...? I DIDN'T SEE ANYWHERE

8. B is correct

9. A IS COORECT

10. A is correct.

11. I lean towards B as there might be a difference between "suspended" and "paused".

12. A is correct

13. A is correct Answer.

14. A is correct

15. The answer is correct as the pipe can be stoped and resumed not b!

16. Can be suspended and resumed

17. Answer A

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 75
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 75 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following languages can be used to implement Snowflake User Defined Functions (UDFs)? (Choose two.)
A. Java
B. Javascript
C. SQL
D. Python
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Java
2. B. Javascript
3. C. SQL
4. D. Python

Answers/Comments (20 found):
1. ALL is correct. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/user-defined-functions.html

Snowflake currently supports the following languages for writing UDFs:

Java: A Java UDF lets you use the Java programming language to manipulate data and return either scalar or tabular results.

JavaScript: A JavaScript UDF lets you use the JavaScript programming language to manipulate data and return either scalar or tabular results.

Python: A Python UDF lets you use the Python programming language to manipulate data and return either scalar or tabular results.

SQL: A SQL UDF evaluates an arbitrary SQL expression and returns either scalar or tabular results.

2. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/udf-overview.html 
all are correct

3. All options are correct according to snowflake doc
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/udf-overview#supported-languages

4. User-defined functions (UDFs) let you extend the system to perform operations that are not available through the built-in, system-defined functions provided by Snowflake. Snowflake currently supports the following languages for writing UDFs:

SQL: A SQL UDF evaluates an arbitrary SQL expression and returns either scalar or tabular results.

JavaScript: A JavaScript UDF lets you use the JavaScript programming language to manipulate data and return either scalar or tabular results.

Java: A Java UDF lets you use the Java programming language to manipulate data and return either scalar or tabular results.

5. Snowflake now supports SQL, JavaScript, Java, Python

6. Only B, C is correct!
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/udf-overview --> Actually, Snowflake officially supports UDF implementations in four languages: (Java, JavaScript, SQL, Python)

BUT, You must clearly understand the context in which this question is asked. Typically, Snowflake's certification exams and courses require JavaScript and SQL as default answers for the following reasons:
① Default Support : JavaScript and SQL UDFs are supported natively in all Snowflake editions without any additional setup or package installation.
② Java and Python UDFs have separate requirements : To use Java and Python UDFs, you need to activate the Snowpark feature provided by Snowflake, install related packages, and configure a separate environment. (https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/udf-overview)

7. All correct ABCD

8. Ans is all. But only SQL and JavaScript UDFs are sharable.

9. Only Javascript and SQL

10. For the SnowPro Core exam, the two correct languages that can be used to implement Snowflake User Defined Functions (UDFs) are:

B. Javascript
C. SQL

Here's the explanation:

Supported languages for UDFs:
1. SQL:
- Most common type of UDF
- Written in SQL/ANSI syntax
- Used for scalar and table functions
- Runs natively in Snowflake

2. Javascript:
- Supports more complex logic
- Runs in secure sandbox environment
- Can handle advanced calculations
- Allows for more programming flexibility

The incorrect options:
- A. Java: Not supported for UDFs in Snowflake
- D. Python: Not supported for UDFs (Note: Python is supported for Stored Procedures, but not for UDFs)

Key points for the exam:
- Only SQL and Javascript are supported for UDFs
- Don't confuse UDF language support with Stored Procedure language support
- JavaScript UDFs run in a secure execution environment
- SQL UDFs are most commonly used

11. Your assertions are not supported by the documentation: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/udf-overview#supported-languages
UDFs support all the languages in this question. The question is probably old.

12. Issue here is that I cannot select all the options even though all answers are correct

13. All are correct.

However, you can only share SQL and JavaScript UDFs

14. All are correct https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/udf-overview#label-udf-supported-languages

15. UDFs Can be written in o SQL o Python o Scala o Java o JavaScript

16. All options are correct

17. All correct, capisce?

18. correct answer:ABCD

19. All answers are correct. Also Java and Javascript are supported.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf/udf-overview#label-udf-supported-languages

20. All four are correct.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 76
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 76 DISCUSSION

Question:
When should you consider disabling auto-suspend for a Virtual Warehouse? (Choose two.)
A. When users will be using compute at different times throughout a 24/7 period
B. When managing a steady workload
C. When the compute must be available with no delay or lag time
D. When you do not want to have to manually turn on the Warehouse each time a user needs it
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. When users will be using compute at different times throughout a 24/7 period
2. B. When managing a steady workload
3. C. When the compute must be available with no delay or lag time
4. D. When you do not want to have to manually turn on the Warehouse each time a user needs it

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. From snowflake documentation :

You might want to consider disabling auto-suspend for a warehouse if:

You have a heavy, steady workload for the warehouse.

You require the warehouse to be available with no delay or lag time. Warehouse provisioning is generally very fast (e.g. 1 or 2 seconds); however, depending on the size of the warehouse and the availability of compute resources to provision, it can take longer.

2. Source: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations#automating-warehouse-suspension

3. B and C are correct

4. You might want to consider disabling auto-suspend for a warehouse if:

You have a heavy, steady workload for the warehouse.

You require the warehouse to be available with no delay or lag time.

5. BC correct

6. BC are correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 77
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 77 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following are valid approaches to loading data into a Snowflake table? (Choose all that apply.)
A. Bulk copy from an External Stage
B. Continuous load using Snowpipe REST API
C. The Snowflake Web Interface (UI) data loading wizard
D. Bulk copy from an Internal Stage
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Bulk copy from an External Stage
2. B. Continuous load using Snowpipe REST API
3. C. The Snowflake Web Interface (UI) data loading wizard
4. D. Bulk copy from an Internal Stage

Answers/Comments (19 found):
1. All are correct.

2. ABCD are correct, data can be loaded into snowflake table from internal stage using bulk copying.

3. All are valid but the question said "valid approaches" so as approach and not as spot operation, i think that the "The Snowflake Web Interface (UI) data loading wizard" is not a valid approach.
Do you agree with me?

4. well its hard to say its not valid but logically better not to use it this way ?

5. A. Bulk copy from an External Stage ✅
You can stage files in Amazon S3, Azure Blob, or GCS and load with COPY INTO.

B. Continuous load using Snowpipe REST API ✅
Snowpipe provides serverless, continuous loading of staged data files (triggered by REST API or cloud messaging).

C. The Snowflake Web Interface (UI) data loading wizard ✅
The UI wizard lets you load small files interactively — mainly for quick testing or ad-hoc loads.

D. Bulk copy from an Internal Stage ✅
You can stage files in user, table, or named internal stages and load into Snowflake using COPY INTO.

6. all are correct.

7. all correct

8. All are correct

9. All are correct options to load data.

10. All are correct
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-web-ui

11. All are correct

12. All options

13. correct answer:ABCD

14. The valid approaches to loading data into a Snowflake table are:

A. Bulk copy from an External Stage
B. Continuous load using Snowpipe REST API
D. Bulk copy from an Internal Stage

Therefore, the correct options are:

A. Bulk copy from an External Stage
B. Continuous load using Snowpipe REST API
D. Bulk copy from an Internal Stage

15. ABCD is correct!

16. bulk loading from internal stage is also possible. A B C D all are correct and supprted by snowflake
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-local-file-system

17. correct

18. ABCD Correct

19. ABC are correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 78
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 78 DISCUSSION

Question:
If auto-suspend is enabled for a Virtual Warehouse, the Warehouse is automatically suspended when:
A. All Snowflakes sessions using the Warehouse are terminated.
B. The last query using the Warehouse completes.
C. There are no users logged into Snowflake.
D. The Warehouse is inactive for a specified period of time.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. All Snowflakes sessions using the Warehouse are terminated.
2. B. The last query using the Warehouse completes.
3. C. There are no users logged into Snowflake.
4. D. The Warehouse is inactive for a specified period of time.

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. Auto suspend turns off a virtual warehouse after a specified amount of idle time.

2. D is correct

3. D is correct

4. Answer is D
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview.html#auto-suspension-and-auto-resumption

5. D is correct

6. Hi could you please add or update it some more questions. I took Snowflake pro core exam last week but didn't able to pass the exam. I have gone all the questions which is here but even one question didn't come to the exam from this.

7. The answer is correct

8. The correct answer is D

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 79
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 79 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) in Snowflake is only supported in conjunction with Single Sign-On (SSO).
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. B is Correct

2. MFA token caching can be combined with connection caching in federated single sign-on.
To combine these two features, ensure that the ALLOW_ID_TOKEN parameter is set to true in tandem with the ALLOW_CLIENT_MFA_CACHING parameter

3. B is correct

4. B. False

5. B is correct

6. Answer is correct.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 80
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 80 DISCUSSION

Question:
The number of queries that a Virtual Warehouse can concurrently process is determined by (Choose two.):
A. The complexity of each query
B. The CONCURRENT_QUERY_LIMIT parameter set on the Snowflake account
C. The size of the data required for each query
D. The tool that is executing the query
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. The complexity of each query
2. B. The CONCURRENT_QUERY_LIMIT parameter set on the Snowflake account
3. C. The size of the data required for each query
4. D. The tool that is executing the query

Answers/Comments (13 found):
1. Only A and C is correct , B would also have been corrected if MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL was given but here option is MAX_CONCURRENCY_LIMIT .

2. a & b are the answers

3. AB is the answer

4. I think it's A and B because "You can use the MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL parameter to limit the number of concurrent queries running in a warehouse." and "The number of queries that a warehouse can concurrently process is determined by the size and complexity of each query. " here it seems the number of queries processed are determined by the query complexity and its size and not the data size.

5. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview#query-processing-and-concurrency

6. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/performance-query-warehouse-max-concurrency

7. I'd agree, but the parameter in that case would be MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL, not CONCURRENT_QUERY_LIMIT

8. AC is correct

9. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview.html#query-processing-and-concurrency
AC are correct

10. AC are correct

11. Answer: AC
MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL is set to 8 by default at account level and can be changed.
In reality, we can have more than 8 concurrent queries as well. But it depends on the factors such as the complexity of the queries, their resource consumptions etc.

12. What about parameter MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL that defines the maximum number of parallel or concurrent statements a warehouse can execute? 
https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/Warehouse-Concurrency-and-Statement-Timeout-Parameters

13. Answer is correct.
The number of queries that a warehouse can concurrently process is determined by the size and complexity of each query. As queries are submitted, the warehouse calculates and reserves the compute resources needed to process each query. If the warehouse does not have enough remaining resources to process a query, the query is queued, pending resources that become available as other running queries complete.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 81
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 81 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following statements are true of VALIDATION_MODE in Snowflake? (Choose two.)
A. The VALIDATION_MODE option is used when creating an Internal Stage
B. VALIDATION_MODE=RETURN_ALL_ERRORS is a parameter of the COPY command
C. The VALIDATION_MODE option will validate data to be loaded by the COPY statement while completing the load and will return the rows that could not be loaded without error
D. The VALIDATION_MODE option will validate data to be loaded by the COPY statement without completing the load and will return possible errors
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. The VALIDATION_MODE option is used when creating an Internal Stage
2. B. VALIDATION_MODE=RETURN_ALL_ERRORS is a parameter of the COPY command
3. C. The VALIDATION_MODE option will validate data to be loaded by the COPY statement while completing the load and will return the rows that could not be loaded without error
4. D. The VALIDATION_MODE option will validate data to be loaded by the COPY statement without completing the load and will return possible errors

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. correct answer:BD

2. The VALIDATION_MODE copy option instructs a COPY statement to validate the data to be loaded and return results based on the validation option specified. No data is loaded when this copy option is specified. For more information about the copy option, see COPY INTO <table>.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-bulk-ts#step-2-validating-the-data-load

3. B & D

4. BD are correct

5. BD, the COPY command only tests the files for errors.

6. BC are correct

7. B and D are correct.

Validating the Data Load

The VALIDATION_MODE copy option instructs a COPY statement to validate the data to be loaded and return results based on the validation option specified. No data is loaded when this copy option is specified. For more information about the copy option, see COPY INTO <table>.

ref: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-bulk-ts

8. BD are correct

9. VALIDATION_MODE = RETURN_n_ROWS | RETURN_ERRORS | RETURN_ALL_ERRORS

String (constant) that instructs the COPY command to validate the data files instead of loading them into the specified table; i.e. the COPY command tests the files for errors but does not load them.

10. BD are correct

11. BD are correct

12. BD are correct

13. Was on exam Dec 31st, 2022

14. B & D are correct answer.

15. BD are correct

16. B and D is right

17. there won't be any data loaded

The VALIDATION_MODE copy option instructs a COPY statement to validate the data to be loaded and return results based on the validation option specified. No data is loaded when this copy option is specified.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 82
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 82 DISCUSSION

Question:
What privileges are required to create a task?
A. The GLOBAL privilege CREATE TASK is required to create a new task.
B. Tasks are created at the Application level and can only be created by the Account Admin role.
C. Many Snowflake DDLs are metadata operations only, and CREATE TASK DDL can be executed without virtual warehouse requirement or task specific grants.
D. The role must have access to the target schema and the CREATE TASK privilege on the schema itself.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. The GLOBAL privilege CREATE TASK is required to create a new task.
2. B. Tasks are created at the Application level and can only be created by the Account Admin role.
3. C. Many Snowflake DDLs are metadata operations only, and CREATE TASK DDL can be executed without virtual warehouse requirement or task specific grants.
4. D. The role must have access to the target schema and the CREATE TASK privilege on the schema itself.

Answers/Comments (13 found):
1. D. The role must have access to the target schema and the CREATE TASK privilege on the schema itself: The role executing the CREATE TASK statement must have access privileges on the schema where the task will be created. This includes having the necessary privileges to create objects within the schema. Typically, the role needs the CREATE TASK privilege granted on the specific schema.

2. correct answer:D

3. D. The role must have access to the target schema and the CREATE TASK privilege on the schema itself.

In Snowflake, to create a task, the role must have access to the target schema where the task will be created, and it needs the CREATE TASK privilege on that schema. This ensures that users can only create tasks in schemas where they have been granted the necessary permissions

4. Ans is D

Global Privileges dont have CREATE TASK in it
CREATE TASK is present in Schema level privileges only

Doc: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-privileges

5. A is correct

6. Was on exam Dec 31st, 2022

7. so many comments with Dec 31st, 2022 , please change date.

8. D is correct

9. D is answer

10. Ans - D

11. D is correct

12. Only CREATE TASK at the schema level is required, not global.

All tasks in a simple tree must have the same task owner (i.e. a single role must have the OWNERSHIP privilege on all of the tasks in the tree). All tasks in a simple tree must exist in the same schema.

13. Only CREATE TASK at the schema level is required, not global:

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tasks-intro.html#creating-tasks

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 83
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 83 DISCUSSION

Question:
What are the three things customer want most from their enterprise data warehouse solution? (Choose three.)
A. On-premise availability
B. Simplicity
C. Open source based
D. Concurrency
E. Performance
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. On-premise availability
2. B. Simplicity
3. C. Open source based
4. D. Concurrency
5. E. Performance

Answers/Comments (4 found):
1. B,D,E are Correct

2. BDE are correct

3. BDE is correct

4. Snowflake Marketing Slide from their training.
Definitely Simplicity, Concurrency and Performance is consistently mentioned.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 84
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 84 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Some queries can be answered through the metadata cache and do not require an active Virtual Warehouse.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. Some aggregate queries are answered thru micro partitions metadata only not requiring any VW spin ups.

2. Yes,It is True

3. correct answer:A

4. Metadata queries can be done as metadata is stored in the services layer and does not require the compute layer to spin up a vm to access the storage layer.

5. Since Metadata cache and the Query Result cache are part of the Cloud Services Layer, they can run without the need of an active virtual warehouse

6. B is correct

7. Answer is A.

8. Sorry, just tested it. It is A.

9. Actually, I think one needs active datawarehouse to run the query but it would not use it.

10. There is metadata cache in the service layer, so answer A is correct.

11. Count min does not require

12. Answer - B, because metadata has no cache.

13. If there is no change in query then it will fetch from metadata cache I.e from cloud service layer.

14. A is correct

15. should be A

16. Below query doesn't need an active warehouse to run for a seond time. 
SELECT COUNT(*) FROM "SNOWFLAKE_SAMPLE_DATA"."TPCH_SF1"."CUSTOMER";

17. its A as metadata has aggregate data already

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 85
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 85 DISCUSSION

Question:
When scaling out by adding clusters to a multi-cluster warehouse, you are primarily scaling for improved:
A. Concurrency
B. Performance
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Concurrency
2. B. Performance

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. Improving concurrency would also improve performance. Primarily is the key word here.

2. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations#scaling-up-vs-scaling-out

3. Correct

4. A is correct

5. Answer: A
A. Concurrency is the primary benefit when scaling out by adding clusters to a multi-cluster warehouse.

By adding more clusters, you increase the number of compute resources available, which allows the warehouse to handle more queries and users concurrently. This can help prevent bottlenecks and improve overall query performance, but the primary goal of adding clusters is to increase concurrency.

B. Performance can also improve as a result of scaling out, but it is not the primary benefit. The main focus is on improving concurrency by enabling more users and queries to be processed simultaneously.

6. A is correct

7. Concurrency is correct

8. Correct answer

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 86
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 86 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is the minimum Snowflake edition that provides data sharing?
A. Standard
B. Premier
C. Enterprise
D. Business Critical Edition
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Standard
2. B. Premier
3. C. Enterprise
4. D. Business Critical Edition

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. A.Standard

2. A.Standard

3. Correct

4. A is correct

5. Data sharing is possible in the Standard Edition also.

VPS (Virtual Private Snowflake) does not support Secure Data Sharing due to the current limitations against sharing data across regions.

Standard and Enterprise Editions support Secure Data Sharing with the usual caveats.

6. Correct answer

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 87
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 87 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Each worksheet in the Snowflake Web Interface (UI) can be associated with different roles, databases, schemas, and Virtual Warehouses.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (21 found):
1. This is True. Correct answer should be A
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-worksheet
Note

Your current interface role determines the default role for worksheets that you open, but the worksheets are not tied to the interface role. Each worksheet has its own role that can be set independently.

2. Yes,It is True.

3. correct answer:A

4. False: Each worksheet in the Snowflake Web Interface (UI) cannot be associated with different roles, databases, schemas, and Virtual Warehouses.

Here's why:

The Snowflake Web UI maintains a single connection context at a time. This means you can only connect using a specific role, database, schema, and virtual warehouse for each session.
While the UI allows you to switch between different roles, databases, schemas, and virtual warehouses, these changes apply globally to all your worksheets within that session.
Some data manipulation tools might offer functionalities where each worksheet can have independent connections or contexts. However, the Snowflake Web UI itself doesn't support such a feature.

5. This statement from your thread above is simply incorrect. "While the UI allows you to switch between different roles, databases, schemas, and virtual warehouses, these changes apply globally to all your worksheets within that session." You can change all of these parameters at any time for any worksheet.

6. B is correct

7. Incorrect, a worksheet uses the following

USE warehouse;
USE role
USE schema
USE DB

8. A is correct as each worksheet can be associated with different roles

9. A is correct answer. we can set different context parameters at different worksheet.

10. A is correct as each worksheet can be associated with different roles

11. these tests are very confusing.

12. these tests are very confusing. I guess it is false because the question means that the worksheets are not bound to a certain role, user...etc.. can change without losing the work done. 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-worksheet.html
Dropdown menu:

Change the current database, schema, or warehouse for the current worksheet without losing your work.

Resume/suspend or resize your current warehouse.

13. It would be true!

14. A is the answer

15. Answer is A

16. Answer is B I think

17. Answer True

18. wich answeR?

19. Answer is True

20. Answer is A

21. Each worksheet can be associated with different parameters.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 88
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 88 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: You can query the files in an External Stage directly without having to load the data into a table.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (11 found):
1. Querying Data in Staged Files

Snowflake supports using standard SQL to query data files located in an internal (i.e. Snowflake) stage or named external (Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, or Microsoft Azure) stage. This can be useful for inspecting/viewing the contents of the staged files, particularly before loading or after unloading data.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/querying-stage

2. False: You cannot directly query the files in an External Stage without having to load the data into a table in Snowflake.

Here's why:

External stages act as pointers to data residing in external cloud storage locations like S3 or Azure Blob Storage. Snowflake doesn't have direct access to the data format or schema within those files.
To query the data, you need to first load it into a Snowflake table using the COPY INTO command. This process reads the data from the external stage, parses it based on the specified format definition, and populates the target table within Snowflake.
Once the data is loaded into a Snowflake table, you can then use standard SQL queries to access and analyze it.
In essence, external stages serve as a staging area for data before it's brought into Snowflake for processing and querying.

3. A is correct

4. True:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/querying-stage

5. Correct

6. A is correct

7. A is correct

8. Snowflake supports using standard SQL to query data files located in an internal (i.e. Snowflake) stage or named external (Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, or Microsoft Azure) stage. This can be useful for inspecting/viewing the contents of the staged files, particularly before loading or after unloading data.

9. Yes, source: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/querying-stage

10. Correct answer

External tables are read-only, therefore no DML operations can be performed on them; however, external tables can be used for query and join operations. Views can be created against external tables.

11. Yeah, but that wasn't the question... this one is about whether you can query files on an external stage directly

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 89
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 89 DISCUSSION

Question:
The FLATTEN function is used to query which type of data in Snowflake?
A. Structured data
B. Semi-structured data
C. Both of the above
D. None of the above
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Structured data
2. B. Semi-structured data
3. C. Both of the above
4. D. None of the above

Answers/Comments (14 found):
1. * Why is FLATTEN also used in Structured Types?
 : Because Snowflake's Structured Types (structured data) have internally nested complex structures, they are difficult to query directly using general SQL queries.

 : At this time, the FLATTEN function performs the following roles:
 - Convert nested structures into table form for easy search.
 - Internal composite elements (STRUCTURED ARRAY, STRUCTURED OBJECT, MAP internal elements) are expanded into separate rows to enable querying.
In other words, the FLATTEN function is essential in Snowflake's Structured Types (explicitly structured complex data), not general table data.

2. there are 2 reason in snowflake document.
1) https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/data-types-structured#label-structured-types-working-flatten
 --> Using the FLATTEN function with values of structured types
 --> You can pass structured ARRAY, structured OBJECT, and MAP values to the FLATTEN function. As is the case with semi-structured data types, you can use the PATH argument to specify the value being flattened.

2) https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/functions/flatten#usage-notes
 --> FLATTEN is a table function that takes a VARIANT, OBJECT, or ARRAY column and produces a lateral view (i.e. an inline view that contains correlation referring to other tables that precede it in the FROM clause).
 --> FLATTEN can be used to convert semi-structured data to a relational representation.

3. Answer B 

The FLATTEN function in Snowflake is used to query and extract data from semi-structured data types, specifically:

Arrays
Objects (key-value pairs, such as those found in JSON data)
The function expands these structures into a table-like format, allowing you to work with individual elements or key-value pairs in SQL queries.

4. Answer B

5. C

6. You can pass structured ARRAYs, structured OBJECTs, and MAPs to the FLATTEN function. 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/data-types-structured#label-structured-types-working-flatten

FLATTEN can be used to convert semi-structured data to a relational representation.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/functions/flatten

So the answer is C. Both of the above

7. The main purpose of FLATTEN is to Un-nest the semistructured data like JSON.

8. It works for both

9. Works with both

10. C is correct, see https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/data-types-structured#label-structured-types-working-flatten

11. Correct

12. B is correct

13. B is correct

14. Correct answer

FLATTEN is used to unnest semi-structured data. Don't see an application for structured data as by definition it shouldn't be nested.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 90
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 90 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: An active warehouse is required to run a COPY INTO statement.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (16 found):
1. No, an active warehouse is not required to run a COPY INTO statement in Snowflake. The COPY INTO command can be executed without an active warehouse when:

Loading data from external stages (like Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, or Microsoft Azure)
Using the AUTO_COMPRESS option

2. COPY INTO:
● Copies data from staged files to a table ● All files loaded in a single operation must use the same stage and file format ● Can auto-detect compression mode, date and time formats ● Requires an active virtual warehouse

3. A.True,while loading the data,an active warehouse is required

4. False: An active warehouse is not always required to run a COPY INTO statement in Snowflake.

Here's why:

The COPY INTO statement is used to load data from external locations (stages) into Snowflake tables.
While virtual warehouses provide the compute resources for processing queries within Snowflake, the COPY INTO operation itself is a data movement process.

5. COPY INTO table basically rights data into Micro Partition. To access the micro partition it requires a active warehouse to pass thru right. To access the storage it should pass thru the warehouse. it should be active. even if its suspended, upon receiving a Query the warehouse will resume and come into active to execute the query.

6. A is correct

7. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/getting-started-tutorial-copy-into

8. Should be false B: False. A COPY INTO statement in Snowflake does not require an active warehouse to run. The statement is used to load data into a Snowflake table from a file stored in a cloud-based object storage such as Amazon S3, Microsoft Azure Blob Storage, or Google Cloud Storage. An active warehouse is only required to perform computationally-intensive tasks such as data processing, querying, and data transformation.

9. COPY INTO table basically rights data into Micro Partition. To access the micro partition it requires a active warehouse to pass thru right. To access the storage it should pass thru the warehouse. it should be active. even if its suspended, upon receiving a Query the warehouse will resume and come into active to execute the query.

10. A is correct

11. Execute COPY INTO <table> to load your staged data into the target table.

Note that this command requires an active, running warehouse, which you created as a prerequisite for this tutorial. If you don’t have access to a warehouse, you will need to create one now.

12. Answer is A.

Execute COPY INTO <table> to load your staged data into the target table.
Note that this command requires an active, running warehouse.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/getting-started-tutorial-copy-into.html

13. Answer is B

14. Corrected = A is Answer

15. I think it is false

16. Correct answer

Link below states that you need an active, running warehouse to before COPY INTO functions

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/getting-started-tutorial-copy-into.html

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 91
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 91 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: AWS Private Link provides a secure connection from the Customer's on-premise data center to the Snowflake.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (18 found):
1. n addition, if you have an on-premises environment (e.g. a non-hosted data center), you can choose to use AWS Direct Connect, in conjunction with AWS PrivateLink, to connect all your virtual and physical environments in a single, private network.

therefore AWS private link alone wont work. Answer:False

2. B.False,Aws Private link provides a secure connection between Vpc's and AWS Services

3. From SnowFlake Documentation : AWS PrivateLink & Snowflake
BUSINESS CRITICAL FEATURE

This feature requires Business Critical (or higher).

This topic describes how to configure AWS PrivateLink to directly connect your Snowflake account to one or more AWS VPCs.

Note that AWS PrivateLink is not a service provided by Snowflake. It is an AWS service that Snowflake supports to use with your Snowflake account.

4. then it's B

5. B is correct

6. AWS Direct connect for on-premise to Snowflake VPC; AWS Private Link for different AWS VPCs in the same AWS region.

7. AWS VPC provide secure direct connection between clients AWS VPC and Snowflake VPC. not the onprim

8. B is correct

9. AWS private link is not enough, i think that the answer is b

10. Answer is A
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-privatelink.html

AWS PrivateLinkis an AWS service for creating private VPC endpoints that allow direct, secure connectivity between your AWS VPCs and the Snowflake VPC without traversing the public Internet. The connectivity is for AWS VPCs in the same AWS region.

11. No Answer is B. In the link that you shared it’s written “If you have an on-premises environment (e.g. a non-hosted data center), you can choose to use AWS Direct Connect, in conjunction with AWS PrivateLink, to connect all your virtual and physical environments in a single, private network.”
So, the correct Answer is B.

12. Answer is B

13. Answer is A

14. Answer is B
 if you have an on-premises environment, you can choose to use AWS Direct Connect

15. So it should be A?

16. No , the correct Answer is B.

17. AWS PrivateLinkis an AWS service for creating private VPC endpoints that allow direct, secure connectivity between AWS VPCs without traversing the public Internet. Because Snowflake on AWS is implemented as a VPC, PrivateLink enables creating a highly-secure network between Snowflake and your other AWS VPCs (in the same AWS region), fully protected from unauthorized external access.

18. No @arpit_dataguy is B 
because "AWS PrivateLinkis"-> private VPC between your AWS VPCs and the Snowflake VPC.
In addition, if you have an on-premises environment (e.g. a non-hosted data center), you can choose to use AWS Direct Connect, in conjunction with AWS PrivateLink, to connect all your virtual and physical environments in a single, private network.

So to be correct A is needed also "AWS Direct Connect"

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 92
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 92 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Snowflake's Global Services Layer gathers and maintains statistics on all columns in all micro-partitions.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (19 found):
1. The Global Services Layer in Snowflake is responsible for several tasks including authentication, infrastructure management, metadata management, query parsing and optimization, and access control1. However, the documentation does not specifically mention that it gathers and maintains statistics on all columns in all micro-partitions.

2. collecting metadata is called statistics. It basically collects how many distinct values, count(*), Min,Max values etc., this is statistics

3. Snowflake's Global Services Layer manages metadata, which includes statistics about the data stored in micro-partitions. However, it does not gather and maintain statistics on all columns in all micro-partitions.

Snowflake automatically collects metadata and statistics to optimize query performance. It does this continuously in the background, analyzing data as it's loaded and as queries are executed. While it gathers essential statistics, it's unnecessary and inefficient to maintain detailed statistics for every single column in every micro-partition.

Snowflake focuses on collecting statistics that are most useful for query optimization, such as:

Value ranges within columns.
The number of distinct values (approximate).
Information about NULL values.

4. The answer is A. True.

Let's explain why this is true:

Snowflake's Global Services Layer:
- Automatically gathers statistics on ALL columns
- Maintains statistics for ALL micro-partitions
- This is done without DBA intervention
- Used for query optimization

Key points about statistics collection:
- Continuous and automatic process
- Covers every column in every micro-partition
- No manual statistics gathering needed
- Used by query optimizer for efficient execution plans

For the SnowPro Core exam, remember:
- Statistics collection is automatic
- No DBA maintenance required
- Covers all columns and micro-partitions
- This is a key differentiator from traditional databases
- Helps with query optimization and performance
- Part of Snowflake's cloud-native architecture benefits

This automatic statistics gathering is one of Snowflake's key features that helps with query optimization and maintenance-free operations.

5. ● Micro-partition level metadata ○ Row count 
● Micro-partition column-level metadata ○ MIN and MAX values ○ Number of DISTINCT values ○ Number of NULL values

6. B.False,Snowflake's Global Services Layer gathers and maintains statistics on columns in micro-partitions, but it does not gather and maintain statistics on all columns in all micro-partitions

7. Snowflake's Global Services Layer does not gather and maintain statistics on all columns in all micro-partitions. Instead, it dynamically gathers statistics as needed for query optimization, utilizing metadata and sampling techniques to optimize query performance.

8. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-clustering-micropartitions#what-are-micro-partitions

9. No definition of Global Services Layer, it should be cloud services layer
Snowflake stores metadata about all rows stored in a micro-partition, not columns

10. https://www.snowflake.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/A-Detailed-View-Inside-Snowflake.pdf

It clearly says the service layer saves the metadata about the stored data in snowflake. Page 7, right column.

11. "Snowflake stores metadata about all rows stored in a micro-partition, including:

- The range of values for each of the columns in the micro-partition.
- The number of distinct values.
- Additional properties used for both optimization and efficient query processing."

Seems to me that this is done by the Cloud Services layer, and this "Global Services layer" looks like another term for it:

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-clustering-micropartitions#what-are-micro-partitions

12. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-clustering-micropartitions

13. B . FALSE
Cloud Services
If Snowflake’s computing layer is the brawn of our solution, our cloud services layer is the brain. Snowflake’s cloud services manage client sessions, metadata, transactions, query planning, security/governance and many other services. It’s also a highly scalable tier thanks to the near-limitless computing resources in the cloud. Snowflake supports thousands of customer accounts and hundreds of millions of queries each and every day.

14. There is no Global Services Layer in snowflake. https://www.bing.com/search?q=snowflake+global+services+layer&qs=NM&pq=what+is+global+services+layer+in+snowflake&sc=6-42&cvid=9660BE0F9FA3415AB5F2EF9404F1C104&FORM=QBRE&sp=1&ghc=2&lq=0

15. B is correct, question is about micro-partitions, documentation explains it keeps metadata about rows, not columns, so is false.

16. metadata comes from the micro partition data only right. metadata is count(*), min and max values in each micro partition, distinct values. min and max of each micro partition is what it decides pruning right?

17. https://www.snowflake.com/product/architecture/
Snowflake is a single, integrated platform delivered as-a-service. It features storage, compute, and global services layers that are physically separated but logically integrated. Data workloads scale independently from one another, making it an ideal platform for data warehousing, data lakes, data engineering, data science, modern data sharing, and developing data applications.

18. B is correct

19. Snowflake is a single, integrated platform delivered as-a-service. It features storage, compute, and GLOBAL SERVICES LAYERS
https://www.snowflake.com/product/architecture/

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 93
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 93 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: It is best practice to define a clustering key on every table.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. NO,It is recommended to use on very large tables(> 1 TB)

2. Correct - it used for very large tables

3. B is correct

4. Answer: B
It is not always best practice in Snowflake to define a clustering key on every table. Clustering keys are used to group related rows physically together in a table, which can improve query performance by minimizing the amount of data that needs to be scanned or skipped during query execution. However, clustering keys should be chosen carefully based on the access patterns of the table, and the type of queries that will be run against it.

Defining a clustering key on every table may not always be necessary or beneficial. For example, in some cases, tables may be small or may not have well-defined access patterns, making clustering unnecessary. In other cases, tables may be loaded in a specific order or partitioned in a certain way that obviates the need for clustering.

Therefore, it is not a best practice to define a clustering key on every table in Snowflake, but rather to carefully consider the access patterns and usage of each table, and to choose clustering keys judiciously based on those factors.

5. B is correct. It is not a best practice

6. Answer is correct.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 94
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 94 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following statements is true of Snowflake?
A. It was built specifically for the cloud
B. It was built as an on-premises solution and then ported to the cloud
C. It was designed as a hybrid database to allow customers to store data either on premises or in the cloud
D. It was built for Hadoop architecture
E. It's based on an Oracle Architecture
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. It was built specifically for the cloud
2. B. It was built as an on-premises solution and then ported to the cloud
3. C. It was designed as a hybrid database to allow customers to store data either on premises or in the cloud
4. D. It was built for Hadoop architecture
5. E. It's based on an Oracle Architecture

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. Build for the cloud

2. Snowflake is provided as a self-managed service that runs completely on cloud infrastructure. This means that all three layers of Snowflake’s architecture (storage, compute, and cloud services) are deployed and managed entirely on a selected cloud platform.
A Snowflake account can be hosted on any of the following cloud platforms:
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Microsoft Azure (Azure)
source: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-cloud-platforms

3. A.It was built specifically for the cloud

4. A is right Snowflake is a Cloud only solution

5. Correct

6. A is correct

7. Correct answer

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 95
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 95 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is the minimum Snowflake edition that provides multi-cluster warehouses and up to 90 days of Time Travel?
A. Standard
B. Premier
C. Enterprise
D. Business Critical Edition
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Standard
2. B. Premier
3. C. Enterprise
4. D. Business Critical Edition

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. C.Enterprise Edition

2. Correct

3. C is correct

4. There is no Premier edition, so not B. :)

Correct answer is C

5. Entreprise is the min snow edition

6. The answer is correct as B is not under the snowflake options; and extended time travel up to 90 days is available for Enterprise, Business Critical and VPS

7. Correct Answer - Enterprise.
Standard Offer Timetravel up to 1 day. Enterprise + edition offer up to 90 days.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 96
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 96 DISCUSSION

Question:
How many shares can be consumed by a single Data Consumer?
A. 1
B. 10
C. 100, but can be increased by contacting support
D. Unlimited
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. 1
2. B. 10
3. C. 100, but can be increased by contacting support
4. D. Unlimited

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. D: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-sharing-intro#about-consumers

2. D.is correct

3. Correct

4. D is correct

5. Correct

6. Answer is correct.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 97
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 97 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is the lowest Snowflake edition that offers Time Travel up to 90 days?
A. Standard Edition
B. Premier Edition
C. Enterprise Edition
D. Business Critical Edition
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Standard Edition
2. B. Premier Edition
3. C. Enterprise Edition
4. D. Business Critical Edition

Answers/Comments (5 found):
1. C. Enterprise Edition

2. Correct

3. C is correct

4. C. Enterprise Edition

5. Only Standard has 1 day

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 98
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 98 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following statements are true about Schemas in Snowflake? (Choose two.)
A. A Schema may contain one or more Databases
B. A Database may contain one or more Schemas
C. A Schema is a logical grouping of Database Objects
D. Each Schema is contained within a Warehouse
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. A Schema may contain one or more Databases
2. B. A Database may contain one or more Schemas
3. C. A Schema is a logical grouping of Database Objects
4. D. Each Schema is contained within a Warehouse

Answers/Comments (11 found):
1. A & C
B is wrong because DBs don't contain schema, it is the other way around

2. B and C are Correct Options

3. BC is correct

4. BC is correct . Warehouse is compute, it doesn't contain schema within

5. Warehouse, here means compute and not traditional warehouse.

6. BC IS CORRECT

7. Answer is BC

8. Answer is BD

9. Answer is correct.

10. How about BD?

11. Warehouse - In Snowflake world, corresponds to compute resource.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 99
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 99 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: You can resize a Virtual Warehouse while queries are running.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. A warehouse can be resized up or down at any time, including while it is running and processing statements.

2. A Is correct

3. A is correct

4. False. You cannot resize a Virtual Warehouse in Snowflake while queries are running. You must first pause or terminate any running queries before resizing the Virtual Warehouse.

5. no you can resize it but it won't affect the current query. so changes apply for next ones

6. Not correct, you can resize Warehouse anytime, it just won't use new resources for the already running queries.

7. Answer is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 100
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 100 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is the most granular object that the Time Travel retention period can be defined on?
A. Account
B. Database
C. Schema
D. Table
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Account
2. B. Database
3. C. Schema
4. D. Table

Answers/Comments (15 found):
1. The time travel data retention can be overwritten at the table level 
"When creating a table, schema, or database, the account default can be overridden using the DATA_RETENTION_TIME_IN_DAYS parameter in the command."

2. Granular is Table. It is the most granular object not account. 
Account--database --schema-- table(most granular)

3. D.Table

4. The Time Travel retention period in Snowflake specifies the number of days for which historical data is preserved and, therefore, Time Travel operations (SELECT, CREATE … CLONE, UNDROP) can be performed on the data 1. The standard retention period is 1 day (24 hours) and is automatically enabled for all Snowflake accounts 1. For Snowflake Enterprise Edition (and higher), the retention period can be set to any value from 0 up to 90 days for permanent databases, schemas, and tables 12. Therefore, the most granular object that the Time Travel retention period can be defined on is a table 1.

I hope this helps!
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-time-travel

5. High granularity level refers to a high level of detail, vice-versa low granularity level refers to a low level of detail. Practically speaking, the more subdividable and specific a data is, the more granular it is considered to be. Thus, “granularity” and “level of detail” of data are the same thing.
In this case the most granular level is asked and that is a syntactic issue as most is defined by the perspective. Highest or Lowest level 

So both A and D could be correct. However I think that Most is meant als the highest level of detail and that would be D.

6. D is correct

7. Most granular means with the highest level of detail, where do we obtain that? Of course in the table, the account contains a low level of detail, answer is D.

8. A is correct

9. D. Table [ALTER TABLE t SET DATA_RETENTION_TIME_IN_DAYS = 0;]

10. Dear Admin most granular means lowest now here answer would be table. Pls correct the answers

11. Table is most granular

12. D is correct answer, at the lowest granular level object time travel can be configured.

13. D is correct answer, at the lowest granular level object time travel can be configured.

14. Answer: Table

15. To specify the data retention period for Time Travel:

The DATA_RETENTION_TIME_IN_DAYS object parameter can be used by users with the ACCOUNTADMIN role to set the default retention period for your account.

The same parameter can be used to explicitly override the default when creating a database, schema, and individual table.

The data retention period for a database, schema, or table can be changed at any time.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 101
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 101 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following statements is true of Snowflake micro-partitioning?
A. Micro-partitioning has been known to introduce data skew
B. Micro-partitioning: requires a partitioning schema to be defined up front
C. Micro-partitioning is transparently completed using the ordering that occurs when the data is inserted/loaded
D. Micro-partitioning can be disabled within a Snowflake account
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Micro-partitioning has been known to introduce data skew
2. B. Micro-partitioning: requires a partitioning schema to be defined up front
3. C. Micro-partitioning is transparently completed using the ordering that occurs when the data is inserted/loaded
4. D. Micro-partitioning can be disabled within a Snowflake account

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-clustering-micropartitions#what-are-micro-partitions

Tables are transparently partitioned using the ordering of the data as it is inserted/loaded.

2. C is Correct

3. correct

4. Correct

5. C is correct

6. Option C is correct

7. Option C

8. C is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 102
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 102 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Snowflake bills for a minimum of five minutes each time a Virtual Warehouse is started.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (5 found):
1. It bills for minimum 1 minute.

2. No,It bills for minimum of 60 sec,B.False

3. B is correct

4. It dos't take 5 inutes

5. Because Snowflake utilizes per-second billing (with a 60-second minimum each time the warehouse starts), warehouses are billed only for the credits they actually consume when they are actively working.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 103
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 103 DISCUSSION

Question:
When scaling up Virtual Warehouses by increasing Virtual Warehouse t-shirt size, you are primarily scaling for improved:
A. Concurrency
B. Performance
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Concurrency
2. B. Performance

Answers/Comments (9 found):
1. Scaling up for performance and scaling out for concurrency

2. Correct

3. What is a t-shirt size?

4. When we create a warehouse, we need to assign the number of servers it will use. So this varying number of servers are represented in form of your regular T-Shirt sizes, like XL,L,XXL.
1 Server => XS(extra small)
2 Server => S(Small)
4 Server => M(Medium)
6 Server = > L(Large)
8 Server => XL (Extra large)
it goes on, XXL,XXXL
Notice the step count is +2 (That's snowflake defined)

5. Correction:-
The step size is "x2" not "+2" (Multiplied by a factor of 2)
So it's, 2,4,8,16,32,64,128

6. B is correct

7. Option B

8. Not sure on this one

9. B is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 104
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 104 DISCUSSION

Question:
As a best practice, clustering keys should only be defined on tables of which minimum size?
A. Multi-Kilobyte (KB) Range
B. Multi-Megabyte (MB) Range
C. Multi-Gigabyte (GB) Range
D. Multi-Terabyte (TB) Range
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Multi-Kilobyte (KB) Range
2. B. Multi-Megabyte (MB) Range
3. C. Multi-Gigabyte (GB) Range
4. D. Multi-Terabyte (TB) Range

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. Considerations for Choosing Clustering for a Table

Whether you want faster response times or lower overall costs, clustering is best for a table that meets all of the following criteria:

The table contains a large number of micro-partitions. Typically, this means that the table contains multiple terabytes (TB) of data.

The queries can take advantage of clustering. Typically, this means that one or both of the following are true:

The queries are selective. In other words, the queries need to read only a small percentage of rows (and thus usually a small percentage of micro-partitions) in the table.

The queries sort the data. (For example, the query contains an ORDER BY clause on the table.)

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-clustering-keys

2. D.is correct

3. correct

4. D is correct

5. Multi TB range

6. saw it in their core course

7. D is correct
Considerations for Choosing Clustering for a Table
Whether you want faster response times or lower overall costs, clustering is best for a table that meets all of the following criteria:

The table contains a large number of micro-partitions. Typically, this means that the table contains multiple terabytes (TB) of data.

8. D is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 105
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 105 DISCUSSION

Question:
How a Snowpipe charges calculated?
A. Per-second/per Warehouse size
B. Per-second/per-core granularity
C. Number of Pipes in account
D. Total storage bucket size
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Per-second/per Warehouse size
2. B. Per-second/per-core granularity
3. C. Number of Pipes in account
4. D. Total storage bucket size

Answers/Comments (10 found):
1. Correct answer

"Snowflake tracks the resource consumption of loads for all pipes in an account, with per-second/per-core granularity, as Snowpipe actively queues and processes data files. Per-core refers to the physical CPU cores in a compute server. The utilization recorded is then translated into familiar Snowflake credits, which are listed on the bill for your account."

2. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-billing#resource-consumption-and-management-overhead

Resource consumption and management overhead

Snowflake tracks the resource consumption of loads for all pipes in an account, with per-second/per-core granularity, as Snowpipe actively queues and processes data files. Per-core refers to the physical CPU cores in a compute server. The utilization recorded is then translated into familiar Snowflake credits, which are listed on the bill for your account.

3. B is correct

4. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-snowpipe-billing#resource-consumption-and-management-overhead

5. answer is correct

6. B is correct

7. Calculated per second per core granularity

8. Snowpipe’s serverless compute model, users can initiate any size load without managing a virtual warehouse

9. Answer is B. Snowpipe is serverless

10. Answer is A.

each warehouse size has different credit charge when used

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 106
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 106 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: A Snowflake account is charged for data stored in both Internal and External Stages.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (15 found):
1. Internal stages: Data is stored inside Snowflake-managed cloud storage → Snowflake charges you for this storage.

External stages: Data lives in your own cloud storage (AWS S3, Azure Blob, GCS). Snowflake still bills you for metadata operations and access, but the cloud provider separately charges for the storage itself.

So, from the perspective of a Snowflake account: yes, you incur charges for both — either directly (internal) or indirectly (external).

2. The external stage is not part of Snowflake, so Snowflake does not store or manage the stage

3. Snowflake doesn't charge for both,B.False

4. For an external stage, cloud provider charge you bill but for internal stage snowflake will Charge. 
Since question asked for both then ans is false, snowflake doesn't charge for both

5. Snowflake supports both internal stages and external stages.

Data files staged in Snowflake internal stages are not subject to the additional costs associated with Time Travel and Fail-safe, but they do incur standard data storage costs. 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-storage-considerations

6. B is correct

7. Only in external store

8. The customer manages external stage

9. EXTERNAL STAGE BILLING IS OUTSIDE SNOWFLAKE ACCOUNT BILLING HENCE, B IS CORRECT

10. False, the question says Account is charged for Data stored - but account is charged for overheads related to autorefresh checks.

11. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-external-intro.html#billing-for-external-tables
For external, there are some overheads that will be billed

12. External data is not billed

13. Not for External Stage.. So False

14. False. There are no storage charges for external stages billed through Snowflake. We need to pay the external vendor directly and not to the snowflake.

15. False. There are no storage charges for external stages billed through Snowflake.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 107
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 107 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: When active, a Pipe requires a dedicated Virtual Warehouse to execute.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. Correct Answer

Bulk-loading: Requires virtual warehouse to use COPY INTO command. 

Snowpipe (continuous loading): Uses Snowflake-supplied compute resources and charges based on how much of that is used.

2. Snowpipe is serverless service

3. B Is Correct

4. B is correct

5. Pipe not required

6. why do we need a VW to run a serverless service?

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 108
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 108 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Snowflake supports federated authentication in all editions.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (12 found):
1. A true, federated auth is included in Standard and everything above it. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions#security-governance-and-data-protection

2. Federated authentication is available with organisations feature.
and organisations is available in enterprise and above.

3. Yes,It support in all editions

4. Yes it's A

5. A is correct

6. Yes, it supports

7. Support for user SSO (single sign-on) through federated authentication - All Edition

8. A is Correct

9. Answer is A - True

10. Get the answer by searching federated authentication from https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security.html

11. Then why did you select B? It should A

12. Support for user SSO through federated authentication

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 109
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 109 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: When a new Snowflake object is created, it is automatically owned by the user who created it.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (18 found):
1. Owner is always the role, not the user.

2. Each object has an owner, who can in turn grant access to that object. To own an object means that a role has the OWNERSHIP privilege on the object. Each securable object is owned by a single role, which by default is the role used to create the object. When this role is assigned to users, they effectively have shared control over the object. In a regular schema, the owner role has all privileges on the object by default, including the ability to grant or revoke privileges on the object to other roles. 

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-overview

3. True.

In Snowflake, when a new object (like a table, view, schema, etc.) is created, it is automatically owned by the user (or more precisely, the role) that created it.

Ownership includes full control over the object, including the ability to:

Grant privileges to other roles,

Modify or drop the object,

Transfer ownership.

4. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-overview#securable-objects

5. Yes it is True

6. owned by role, and not by user

7. A is correct

8. Any objects created after the command is issued are owned by the role in use when the object is created.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/grant-ownership#

9. Not own by the users

10. owned by the role of user who created it

11. To own an object means that a role has the OWNERSHIP privilege on the object. Each securable object is owned by a single role, which by default is the role used to create the object. When this role is assigned to users, they effectively have shared control over the object. In a regular schema, the owner role has all privileges on the object by default, including the ability to grant or revoke privileges on the object to other roles. In addition, ownership can be transferred from one role to another

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-overview#securable-objects

12. This is true its called DAC - Discretional Access Control.

13. When an object is created, its ownership is set to the currently active primary role.

14. It's an ambiguous question, if was 
... automatically and "exclusively" owned by the user who created it.
Then is sure B but in this way, as long as that user has that role, he has the ownersiph of the objet can alter it and even drop it.

15. Can we assume a user as a credential you log in with & role is what you privilege to do
Also can we assume an object created by a role can be accessible to all users under the same role?

16. Discretionary Access Control (DAC): Each object has an owner, who can in turn grant access to that object.

Role-based Access Control (RBAC): Access privileges are assigned to roles, which are in turn assigned to users.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-overview.html

17. Each object has an owner, who can in turn grant access to that object. To own an object means that a role has the OWNERSHIP privilege on the object. Each securable object is owned by a single role, which by default is the role used to create the object. When this role is assigned to users, they effectively have shared control over the object. In a regular schema, the owner role has all privileges on the object by default, including the ability to grant or revoke privileges on the object to other roles. 

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-overview

18. Answer is A, it is DAC ownership assigned to role under which object is created.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 110
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 110 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: A Virtual Warehouse consumes Snowflake credits even when inactive.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (18 found):
1. By default, all warehouses have the auto-suspend setting enabled, which means a warehouse automatically shuts down when it is inactive for a defined period of time. A suspended warehouse does not consume credits, so the warehouse only incurs cost when it is processing a workload.

2. A warehouse continues to consume credits if it is still technically running, even if it’s inactive (not executing queries). It only stops consuming credits when it is fully suspended.
Running → Inactive → Auto-suspend → Suspended

3. Inactive is not equal to suspended.

Until the inactivity timeout not reached & warehouse is not suspended the warehouse will consume credit.

4. In Snowflake, “inactive” typically means that the Virtual Warehouse is suspended. When a warehouse is suspended, it does not consume any credits

5. Suspended ≠ inactive. A Warehouse will be suspended if inactive for a predetermined period of time between 1 minute and 365 days.

6. Inactive - could mean idle but not suspended. This still consume credits.

7. False, As Inactive or suspended warehouse do not incur charges.

8. Suspend i.e inative

9. B.False,When it is inactive or suspended, it does not consume credits.

10. Yes, Suspend is not equal to Inactive
Charges will keep incur till get suspended/off

11. Inactive = suspended according to https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-tasks#starting-or-resuming-a-warehouse

"A suspended (i.e. inactive) warehouse can be resumed through the web interface or using SQL"

12. Snowflake charges only when the warehouse is running. No cost when it's inactive (no running for 'tot' period) or suspended

13. A is correct

14. Check this document:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview#auto-suspension-and-auto-resumption
"By default, auto-suspend is enabled. Snowflake automatically suspends the warehouse if it is inactive for the specified period of time."
At that point Snowflake makes clear distinction between "active/inactive" and "suspended".

And considering this article:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/cost-understanding-compute#virtual-warehouse-credit-usage
The only conclusion is that the answer to the question is A - Virtual Warehouse consumes credits even if it's inactive, as long as it's not suspended manually or by the auto-suspend functionality.

15. WAREHOUSE IS BILLED UNLESS IT IS NOT SUSPENDED

16. is inactive=suspended?

17. These two are not the same. Check this article:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview#auto-suspension-and-auto-resumption
"By default, auto-suspend is enabled. Snowflake automatically suspends the warehouse if it is inactive for the specified period of time."

18. Warehouse is billed even if it is inactive unless suspended

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 111
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 111 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: During data unloading, only JSON and CSV files can be compressed.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (18 found):
1. Along with JSON and CSV - Parquet files are also compressed while unloading
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/copy-into-location

2. During data loading, compression can be enabled for CSV, JSON PARQUET, AVRO, XML type files.
ref: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-file-format

3. this question is about unloading. avro and xml are not relevant for unloading.

4. question is on data 'unloading'

5. A, only csv and json can be compressed during unloading

6. B: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/copy-into-location#format-type-options-formattypeoptions includes csv, json and parquet

7. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-unload-prepare
Parquet is also an option

8. The question talks about unloading that is GET command. It support compression for csv and json only.

9. B.False

10. B. False

11. B "By default, all unloaded data files are compressed using gzip, unless compression is explicitly disabled or one of the other supported compression methods is explicitly specified."
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-summary-unloading

12. only JSON and CSV formats can be unloaded into. Parquet AVro etc only for loading.

13. B is correct

14. Data can be unloaded into csv,json and Parquet. so answer is False

15. CSV for structured data; JSON and Parquet for semi-structured data.

16. Unloading supports structured formatting CSV format and unstructured JSON and Parquet formats only. Hence FALSE is correct answer.

17. Also Parquet file.. So false

18. csv, json & parquet can be compressed

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 112
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 112 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following are options when creating a Virtual Warehouse? (Choose two.)
A. Auto-suspend
B. Auto-resume
C. Local SSD size
D. User count
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Auto-suspend
2. B. Auto-resume
3. C. Local SSD size
4. D. User count

Answers/Comments (5 found):
1. A and B are correct

2. Correct

3. AB are correct

4. AB ===> correct answer

5. Answer is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 113
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 113 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which formats are supported for unloading data from Snowflake? (Choose two.)
A. Delimited (CSV, TSV, etc.)
B. Avro
C. JSON
D. ORC
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Delimited (CSV, TSV, etc.)
2. B. Avro
3. C. JSON
4. D. ORC

Answers/Comments (12 found):
1. AC are correct

2. AC are correct

3. Was on exam Dec 31st 2022

4. always Dec 31st 2022. Be creative please. Not many people want to write an exam on new year's eve.

5. Supported file formats
Delimited files (CSV, TSV, etc.)
JSON
Parquet

6. correct.

7. The answer is correct as snow supported structured data file format as type of delimited such as CSV etc and etc while semi-structured type of Json and parquet

8. Correct, as per options given A and C

9. csv, json & parquet

10. AC is correct.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-summary-unloading.html -- Output data file details table

11. All the options given are supported.

12. Not all supported..
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-unload-prepare.html

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 114
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 114 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Data Providers can share data with only the Data Consumer.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (22 found):
1. Data Providers can share data with reader also. So it is False(B)

2. If the question means to distinguish between a reader account set up by a Provider account, and an external Snowflake account which consumes a data share from the provider, then I think your answer makes sense. However, I'm not so sure that a reader and a consumer are considered different things.

3. I am sorry for the spam: but here in the snowflake documentation it says a reader is still considered a consumer: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-sharing-reader-create

So I think your answer here is incorrect.

4. Question itself is tricky. Usually Data providers provides the data to data Consumers. But a provider can also become a consumer. So can anyone please comment what should be the right answer . I think it should be False, as Data providers can share data with consumer and other providers as well

5. In Snowflake’s Secure Data Sharing:

A Data Provider can share data with multiple Consumers at the same time.

Consumers can be:

Other Snowflake accounts (within the same region or cross-region via replication).

Reader Accounts (for consumers who don’t yet have their own Snowflake account).

6. data providers can publish their data to the snowflake market.

7. WHAT IS A SHARE?
● Named Snowflake object that encapsulates all information required to share objects within a database 
● Share contains: ○ Privileges that grant access to the database, schema, or specific objects ○ Data Consumer or Reader account name ○ Shares do not contain any data

8. False. In Snowflake, data providers can share data not only with individual data consumers but also with multiple data consumers through various means such as:

Direct Sharing: Sharing data with specific Snowflake accounts.
Reader Accounts: Sharing data with organizations that do not have their own Snowflake accounts by creating and managing Reader Accounts.
Snowflake Marketplace: Sharing data publicly with multiple consumers who subscribe to the data offering on the Snowflake Marketplace.
Thus, data sharing in Snowflake is flexible and allows for sharing with multiple consumers in different ways.

9. B.False

10. Data Providers in Snowflake can share data with multiple Data Consumers. Snowflake's data sharing feature allows data providers to share specific databases, schemas, tables, or views with other Snowflake accounts. This sharing can be controlled at a granular level, allowing data providers to share data with multiple consumers as needed.

11. It should be A. As Reader is also a Data Consumer.

12. "When sharing in Snowflake, the account that shares data is called a provider, and the account that is a recipient of the data is called a consumer."

"A data consumer is any account that chooses to create a database from a share made available by a data provider."
"To facilitate sharing data with these consumers, you can create reader accounts. Reader accounts (formerly known as “read-only accounts”) provide a quick, easy, and cost-effective way to share data without requiring the consumer to become a Snowflake customer. Each reader account belongs to the provider account that created it"

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-sharing-intro

13. False. In Snowflake, data sharing is not limited to sharing data with only a single data consumer. Snowflake allows data providers to share data with multiple data consumers or even make data publicly accessible, depending on the configured sharing settings.

With Snowflake's secure data sharing capabilities, data providers can share specific datasets or entire databases with one or more data consumers. Data consumers can be given read-only access to the shared data, allowing them to query and analyze the data without being able to modify or change it. This flexible data sharing model enables collaboration and data exchange between different organizations or teams within an organization.

Furthermore, Snowflake also provides granular access controls and permissions, allowing data providers to define who can access their shared data and what level of access each data consumer has. This ensures data privacy and security while enabling effective data sharing and collaboration.

14. A is correct

15. have you cleared the exam with this answers?

16. Sorry Mayuri. But this question made my day 🙂.

17. Nice question

18. Share can be created independently

19. ANSWER IS B.

20. In the link provided in the answer you will find that by itself the data provider could share with data consumer but this data consumer could be also a data provider. The question is tricky, but by having a look at schema provided in the link answer is B

21. A Data Provider can be a Data Consumer.

22. The shared data cannot be modified so by definition it can only be consumed.
The producer can change the data that is shared but in this case it is not considered shared data for the producer.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 115
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 115 DISCUSSION

Question:
The fail-safe retention period is how many days?
A. 1 day
B. 7 days
C. 45 days
D. 90 days
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. 1 day
2. B. 7 days
3. C. 45 days
4. D. 90 days

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. B.7 Days

2. D is correct answer, Fail-safe is for 90 days

3. time_travel up to 90 days? fail-safe 7 days?

4. Correct

5. B is correct

6. B is correct, Failsafe is for 7 days

7. B is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 116
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 116 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Once created, a micro-partition will never be changed.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (11 found):
1. Micro-partitions are immutable

2. A. True

Once a micro-partition is created in Snowflake, it cannot be modified. Micro-partitions are immutable, meaning that after data is written to them, they cannot be altered or updated directly. However, Snowflake automatically manages data storage and optimization. If data in a micro-partition needs to be updated, the system will create new micro-partitions with the updated data, and older partitions will eventually be marked for deletion during data maintenance operations like vacuuming.

This immutability helps Snowflake maintain its performance and data consistency over time.

3. A.True

4. micro partition can be changed but not deleted.

5. How can we say a micro-partition can't be changed if using clustering keys we're literally changing how micro-partitions are organized? I think it's B, can't find these "immutable" references from the other answers anywhere. https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/understanding-micro-partitions-and-data-clustering

6. In reclustering context, reorganizing doesn't mean that anything changes in existing micro-partitions' structure - instead the new micro-partitions are created with the same keys as in old micro-partitions before reclustering but reorganized to fit the clustering requirements. Check this article for a reference:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-clustering-keys#reclustering

Check the diagram from a provided example. New micro-partitions are called "new" for a reason, also the new numbering (micro-partition 5, 6, 7, 8) should give you a clue.

7. A is correct

8. The immutability of micro partition it means that there could be changes in relation to the status of the data in micro partition, so it could be updated or deleted but this is kept as information. But the data itself cannot be changed.Even if update with the clustering key it will add new micropartitions with the changes

9. The answer is correct as 

How did they do this? Let’s break down how Snowflake stores data: in Snowflake, all data is stored in micro-partitions, which are contiguous units of storage that are immutable.

Immutability means that once a micro-partition is written, it will never be changed

10. While True, it is important to note new micro-partitions are created when new data is uploaded or data is transformed. Additional old micro-paritions are stored for time-travel support purposes

11. Correct, it can never be changed. They are immutable.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 117
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 117 DISCUSSION

Question:
What services does Snowflake automatically provide for customers that they may have been responsible for with their on-premise system? (Choose all that apply.)
A. Installing and configuring hardware
B. Patching software
C. Physical security
D. Maintaining metadata and statistics
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Installing and configuring hardware
2. B. Patching software
3. C. Physical security
4. D. Maintaining metadata and statistics

Answers/Comments (21 found):
1. Physical security is the responsibility of the cloud vendor we have chosen. i.e. either GCP, Azure or AWS.

2. We are taking services from Snowflake so only snowflake will be responsible

3. The are not on prem though as you noted and the question refers to On-Prem. I'd argue all are correct as sometimes organizations do set up their own data centers and ensure security along with other operational aspects like electricity, water etc for cooling and maintenance

4. I agree its all

5. All are correct !
“Snowflake manages all aspects of software and hardware installation and updates. This includes:
• Maintaining the infrastructure (including physical and environmental security)
• Managing software updates and patches
• Optimizing data storage and metadata management.”

6. ALL TRUE

7. The correct answers are B. Patching software and D. Maintaining metadata and statistics.

Here’s why:

B. Patching software: Snowflake handles all software patching and updates automatically, which eliminates the need for customers to manage this aspect, making it a self-managed service.
D. Maintaining metadata and statistics: Snowflake automatically manages metadata and statistics, optimizing query performance without manual intervention by users.
Regarding the other options:

A. Installing and configuring hardware: This is handled by Snowflake, but since there is no hardware to manage (virtual or physical), it’s not something customers need to do, which aligns with the self-managed nature of the platform.
C. Physical security: This is the responsibility of the cloud provider (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP), not Snowflake itself.
So, the correct answers are B and D.

8. Agreed

9. All options are correct

10. This question was aslo asked in the Level Up: Snowflake Key Concepts & Architecture

What common tasks for traditional on-premises database and IT staff are not required with Snowflake?
Select all that apply.

A Maintaining metadata
B Maintaining statistics
C Maintaining the physical security of a server room (key cards, door locks, etc.)
D Maintaining database objects
ABC correct
Submit

So for this question you can say all the answers are correct.

11. BD correct

12. BD is correct answer 

There is no hardware (virtual or physical) to select, install, configure, or manage.

There is virtually no software to install, configure, or manage.

Ongoing maintenance, management, upgrades, and tuning are handled by Snowflake.

Physical security is the responsibility of the cloud vendor we have chosen. i.e. either GCP, Azure or AWS.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts#

13. BD correct ans.
SNOWFLAKE is a true self-managed service, meaning:
• There is no hardware (virtual or physical) to select, install, configure, or manage.
• There is virtually no software to install, configure, or manage.
• Ongoing maintenance, management, upgrades, and tuning are handled by Snowflake.

14. BD - As Snowflake is SAAS based, and Hardware and Physical Security doesn't come under SAAS 
Snowflake is a true self-managed service, meaning:
There is no hardware (virtual or physical) to select, install, configure, or manage.
There is virtually no software to install, configure, or manage.
Ongoing maintenance, management, upgrades, and tuning are handled by Snowflake.

15. When choosing cluster size, SF will handle the hardware provisioning. SaaS is provided for end users, although it is SF's responsibility to take care of hardware, software, and metadata.

16. ABD are correct

17. B. Patching software
D. Maintaining metadata and statistics

Snowflake is a cloud-based data warehousing platform that eliminates the need for customers to manage hardware infrastructure, physical security, and related tasks. These responsibilities are handled by Snowflake's cloud infrastructure provider, and Snowflake also automatically manages the patching of software and maintenance of metadata and statistics for its customers. Option A (Installing and configuring hardware) and Option C (Physical security) are not provided by Snowflake since they are handled by the cloud infrastructure provider.

18. So can someone help me which one is correct?

19. B and D are the correct options
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts#:~:text=There%20is%20no,handled%20by%20Snowflake.

20. All 4
Snowflake "provide for customers" - doesn't matter if SF itself or Cloud provider. Customer has contract with Snowflake, not with the Cloud provider.

21. No physical security as it is cloud based and no hardware usage

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 118
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 118 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following statements would be used to export/unload data from Snowflake?
A. COPY INTO @stage
B. EXPORT TO @stage
C. INSERT INTO @stage
D. EXPORT_TO_STAGE(stage => @stage, select => 'select * from t1');
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. COPY INTO @stage
2. B. EXPORT TO @stage
3. C. INSERT INTO @stage
4. D. EXPORT_TO_STAGE(stage => @stage, select => 'select * from t1');

Answers/Comments (5 found):
1. COPY INTO command is used for unloading.

2. A Copy into @stage

3. Correct

4. A is correct

5. Correct answer

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 119
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 119 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: A 4X-Large Warehouse may, at times, take longer to provision than a X-Small Warehouse.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (19 found):
1. Signed up for free Snowflake account. Created X-Small and 4X Virtual Warehouse using web interface. X-Small took 96 ms, while 4X took 105 ms. You can validate it in Activity -> Query History.

2. I tried, with X-small & 6X-Large. Interestingly X-small took 4 ms more than 6X-Large

3. Due to large number of compute resourecs it take longer time,A.True

4. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations.
You require the warehouse to be available with no delay or lag time. Warehouse provisioning is generally very fast (e.g. 1 or 2 seconds); however, depending on the size of the warehouse and the availability of compute resources to provision, it can take longer.

5. Answer is A.
You require the warehouse to be available with no delay or lag time. Warehouse provisioning is generally very fast (e.g. 1 or 2 seconds); however, depending on the size of the warehouse and the availability of compute resources to provision, it can take longer.

6. Answer is A.
You require the warehouse to be available with no delay or lag time. Warehouse provisioning is generally very fast (e.g. 1 or 2 seconds); however, depending on the size of the warehouse and the availability of compute resources to provision, it can take longer.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations

7. Correct answer is B. no reference that you can find that 4x is provisioned longer than xs w.

8. No, correct Answer is A. Here is the reference:

You require the warehouse to be available with no delay or lag time. Warehouse provisioning is generally very fast (e.g. 1 or 2 seconds); however, depending on the size of the warehouse and the availability of compute resources to provision, it can take longer.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations

9. B is correct

10. You require the warehouse to be available with no delay or lag time. Warehouse provisioning is generally very fast (e.g. 1 or 2 seconds); however, depending on the size of the warehouse and the availability of compute resources to provision, it can take longer.

11. Warehouse provisioning is generally very fast (e.g. 1 or 2 seconds); however, depending on the size of the warehouse and the availability of compute resources to provision, it can take longer.

12. So the answer is A and not B

13. ... depending on the size of the warehouse ... => B

14. Warehouse provisioning is generally very fast (e.g. 1 or 2 seconds); however, depending on the size of the warehouse and the availability of compute resources to provision, it can take longer.

15. Only 5x and 6x can need more time because are in preview

16. No the answer is A.
You require the warehouse to be available with no delay or lag time. Warehouse provisioning is generally very fast (e.g. 1 or 2 seconds); however, depending on the size of the warehouse and the availability of compute resources to provision, it can take longer.

17. False 

Provisioning the larger warehouse sizes 5X-Large and 6X-Large may take slightly longer while in preview.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview.html

18. It is true, it can take longer time to provision

19. The answer is true. You can experiment the same with snowflake UI.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 120
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 120 DISCUSSION

Question:
How would you determine the size of the virtual warehouse used for a task?
A. Root task may be executed concurrently (i.e. multiple instances), it is recommended to leave some margins in the execution window to avoid missing instances of execution
B. Querying (SELECT) the size of the stream content would help determine the warehouse size. For example, if querying large stream content, use a larger warehouse size
C. If using the stored procedure to execute multiple SQL statements, it's best to test run the stored procedure separately to size the compute resource first
D. Since task infrastructure is based on running the task body on schedule, it's recommended to configure the virtual warehouse for automatic concurrency handling using Multi-cluster warehouse (MCW) to match the task schedule
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Root task may be executed concurrently (i.e. multiple instances), it is recommended to leave some margins in the execution window to avoid missing instances of execution
2. B. Querying (SELECT) the size of the stream content would help determine the warehouse size. For example, if querying large stream content, use a larger warehouse size
3. C. If using the stored procedure to execute multiple SQL statements, it's best to test run the stored procedure separately to size the compute resource first
4. D. Since task infrastructure is based on running the task body on schedule, it's recommended to configure the virtual warehouse for automatic concurrency handling using Multi-cluster warehouse (MCW) to match the task schedule

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. B. Querying (SELECT) the size of the stream content would help determine the warehouse size. ✅
Correct. If your task is processing large streams (big batch of changes), you need more compute → bigger warehouse. If stream is small, XS/S is fine.

C. If using the stored procedure to execute multiple SQL statements, it's best to test run the stored procedure separately to size the compute resource first. ✅
Correct. Since stored procs can have multiple steps (DML, transformations), you should benchmark them manually to pick the right warehouse size.

2. B
For queries in large-scale production environments, larger warehouse sizes (Large, X-Large, 2X-Large, etc.) may be more cost effective.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations

3. C is correct

4. "Multi-cluster warehouses are best utilized for scaling resources to improve concurrency for users/queries. They are not as beneficial for improving the performance of slow-running queries or data loading. For these types of operations, resizing the warehouse provides more benefits."

Snowflake representative explained this here https://community.snowflake.com/s/question/0D50Z00009F8nPTSAZ/how-to-choose-the-right-virtual-warehouse-size-in-snowflake-for-your-workload

5. C should be correct

6. C is the right answer as D talks about concurrency.

7. I think B

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 121
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 121 DISCUSSION

Question:
The Information Schema and Account Usage Share provide storage information for which of the following objects? (Choose three.)
A. Users
B. Tables
C. Databases
D. Internal Stages
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Users
2. B. Tables
3. C. Databases
4. D. Internal Stages

Answers/Comments (20 found):
1. Couldn't find any information where storage of a user is explained/showed. Tables in Account Usage view related to storage are (database, stage, table): DATABASE_STORAGE_USAGE_HISTORY, STAGE_STORAGE_USAGE_HISTORY, STORAGE_USAGE, TABLE_STORAGE_METRICS

2. We can get User info too. The Account Usage view can be used to query a list of all users in the account. The data is retained for 365 days (1 year).

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/account-usage/users.html

3. Probably BCD
Because users are not "storage information" as mentioned in the question

4. Users don’t “consume storage”; they consume compute when they run queries.

5. Users are security principals, not storage objects.
Storage usage views do not report storage per user.

6. It is about storage information. We can see information related to users, such as queries accessed by a particular user, or how many logins and when did the user logged, but there is not such case of storage information related to an used.

7. BCD ARE CORRECT

8. BCD are correct

9. Internal Stages comsume storage and the storage consumed can be found in the SNOWFLAKE.ACCOUNT_USAGE.STAGE_STORAGE_USAGE_HISTORY.
Storage consumed by tables and databases can be found in SNOWFLAKE.ACCOUNT_USAGE.TABLE_STORAGE_METRICS in which we have the table name and the database name included in them.

10. It store view for all object contained in the database as well as view for account level objects such as role warehouse 
It store table functions for historical and usage data across your account. 
Select * from table (infirmation_schema.login_history_by_user(USER_NAME => 'user')) gives you login user information

11. A is also one of the correct option.There are table functions stored in information schema which can be used to get historical information for storage, warehouse, user logins and queries. Login_history, login_history_by_user (data retention 7 days)

12. ABC 
SNOWFLAKE
VIEWS: USERS, DATABASES, SCHEMATA AND TABLES
NO INTERNAL STAGES.

13. The question is related to "Storage Information". Users do not have storage either as an object or data they hold (roles own items). Therefore users is not an option.

14. makes sense

15. Correct answer is ABC. users is the one holding for the account.

16. Snowflake Information Schema: Stages, External Tables and Pipes,Databases, Schema, Tables and Views,Columns and Constraints and many more

17. I belive all fours, as I saw in the documentation.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/account-usage

18. Well, having painstakingly checked the 2 schema, both information_schema and account_usage hvae Tables, Databases and stages. Though there is the USERS VIEW in account_usage schema, there is no such view in INFORMATION _SCHEMA. Therefore, I will argue that B,C,D are correct.

19. Ans is ABC. As I can see only external stages while running below query:
select * from SNOWFLAKE.ACCOUNT_USAGE.STAGES;

I am able to get the user details using below query
select * from SNOWFLAKE.ACCOUNT_USAGE.USERS ;

20. No user level

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 122
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 122 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is the default File Format used in the COPY command if one is not specified?
A. CSV
B. JSON
C. Parquet
D. XML
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. CSV
2. B. JSON
3. C. Parquet
4. D. XML

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. A. CSV

2. A. CSV

3. csv correct answer.

4. Correct

5. csv is default format

6. A is the correct answer

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 123
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 123 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Reader Accounts are able to extract data from shared data objects for use outside of Snowflake.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. “Reader accounts can be used to query and view shared data, but cannot extract data out of Snowflake (e.g. unload data into files, or copy data into another database).”

2. Reader Accounts are special Snowflake accounts created and managed by a data provider to let consumers query shared data without needing their own Snowflake account.

These accounts are intended for read-only access to shared data within Snowflake.

They cannot export or unload data to external locations like S3, Azure Blob Storage, or even download locally.

3. You cannot perform the following tasks in a reader account:

- Set a data metric function on objects in the reader account.
- Upload new data.
- Modify existing data.
- Unload data using a storage integration. "However, you can use the COPY INTO <location> command with your connection credentials to unload data into a cloud storage location."

4. I think its false, copy into a <location> doesnt mean you can use it because it can be a metadata copy.

5. A: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-sharing-reader-create#what-is-restricted-allowed-in-a-reader-account

6. Reader accounts can unload data to storage integration using COPY INTO

7. A. True

8. you cannot execute the following commands in a reader account:

INSERT

UPDATE

DELETE

MERGE

COPY INTO <table>

CREATE MASKING POLICY

CREATE PIPE

CREATE ROW ACCESS POLICY

CREATE SHARE

CREATE STAGE

SHOW PROCEDURES

9. A. True

Reader Accounts in Snowflake have the ability to extract data from shared data objects for use outside of Snowflake. This capability allows organizations to securely share data with external parties while still maintaining control over access and usage.

10. False: Reader Accounts are not able to extract data from shared data objects for use outside of Snowflake.

Here's why:

Snowflake's Secure Data Sharing with Reader Accounts provides a mechanism to grant controlled access to data without requiring the recipient to have a full Snowflake account.
Reader Accounts can query and analyze the shared data objects (tables, views, etc.) within the Snowflake environment. However, they cannot directly extract the data and download it for use outside of Snowflake.
This restriction helps ensure data security and governance. Data providers maintain control over who can access the data and how it's used. While users in reader accounts can gain insights from the data, they cannot export it for potential misuse or unauthorized sharing.

11. A True

12. What is restricted/allowed in a reader account?
A reader account is intended primarily for querying data shared by the provider of the account. You can work with data, for example, by creating materialized views.

You cannot perform the following tasks in a reader account:

- Uploading new data.
- Modifying existing data.
- Unloading data using a storage integration. However, you can use the COPY INTO <location> command with your connection credentials to unload data into a cloud storage location.

So the answer is A, you can export data into a cloud storage location. 

Link: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-sharing-reader-create

13. yes, Reader account can download data

14. A. 
Reader accounts are Snowflake accounts that are created and managed by data providers on behalf of their consumers. They allow data consumers to: 
Access and query data shared by the provider of the account
Explore and export their data
Create customized exports and materialized views

15. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-sharing-reader-create

Reader accounts (formerly known as “read-only accounts”) enable providers to share data with consumers who are not already Snowflake customers, without requiring the consumers to become Snowflake customers.

16. https://community.snowflake.com/s/question/0D5Do00000H2a5fKAB/hello-expertsis-it-possible-for-reader-accounts-to-extract-data-from-shared-data-objects-for-outside-use-of-snowflakemany-thanks-in-advance

17. https://community.snowflake.com/s/question/0D5Do00000H2a5fKAB/hello-expertsis-it-possible-for-reader-accounts-to-extract-data-from-shared-data-objects-for-outside-use-of-snowflakemany-thanks-in-advance

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 124
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 124 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: You can define multiple columns within a clustering key on a table.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. Yes it is true

2. A True

3. -- cluster by base columns
create or replace table t1 (c1 date, c2 string, c3 number) cluster by (c1, c2);
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-clustering-keys.html

4. "A single clustering key can contain one or more columns or expressions." 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-clustering-keys.html

5. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-clustering-keys.html#strategies-for-selecting-clustering-keys. "A single clustering key can contain one or more columns or expressions."

6. WE CANNOT DO THIS AS THE FUNCTION IS DEPRECIATED

7. Can define 3 or 4 combination of columns, mostly using the columns used in Join and filter

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 125
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 125 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Snowflake enforces unique, primary key, and foreign key constraints during DML operations.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. Snowflake supports defining and maintaining constraints, but does not enforce them, except for NOT NULL constraints, which are always enforced.

2. B.False

3. B false

4. Correct

5. Only NOT NULL is enforced.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/constraints.html

6. It doesn't enforce.. But Not null is

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 126
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 126 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Loading data into Snowflake requires that source data files be no larger than 16MB.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. The number of load operations that run in parallel can’t exceed the number of data files to be loaded. To optimize the number of parallel operations for a load, we recommend aiming to produce data files roughly 100-250 MB (or larger) in size compressed.

2. source data files can be 100-250 MB compressed, 16 MB mentioned is size of each rows after getting loaded into table

3. B.False

4. B False

5. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-considerations-prepare.html

6. 16 Mb is default. It can support till 5GB

7. Also 16 MB is considered "best practice"

8. By default, COPY INTO location statements separate table data into a set of output files to take advantage of parallel operations. The maximum size for each file is set using the MAX_FILE_SIZE copy option. The default value is 16777216 (16 MB) but can be increased to accommodate larger files. The maximum file size supported is 5 GB for Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, or Microsoft Azure stages.

To unload data to a single output file (at the potential cost of decreased performance), specify the SINGLE = true copy option in your statement. You can optionally specify a name for the file in the path.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 127
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 127 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: A Virtual Warehouse can be resized while suspended.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (9 found):
1. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations#warehouse-resizing-improves-performance

2. It is False as you cannot resize a virtual warehouse while it is suspended, you need to have a active warehouse to provide the compute clusters

3. not accurate. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations#warehouse-resizing-improves-performance a wh can be resized at any time.

4. A.True

5. A. True

6. Correct

7. Ans is true

8. Yes, it can be resized both when it is suspended or active (even when queries are running).

9. Answer A

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 128
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 128 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: When you create a custom role, it is a best practice to immediately grant that role to ACCOUNTADMIN.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (19 found):
1. 100% false. SYSADMIN should immediately be granted the role, then ACCOUNTADMIN will automatically have the grant through SYSADMIN.

2. B
Instead, we recommend creating a hierarchy of roles aligned with business functions in your organization and ultimately assigning these roles to the SYSADMIN role.

3. B.False

4. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-overview#roles
"When creating roles that will serve as the owners of securable objects in the system, Snowflake recommends creating a hierarchy of custom roles, with the top-most custom role assigned to the system role SYSADMIN."
B is correct according to that article

5. We don't have to granted the role to Accountadmin Its automatically have throught the SysADMIN role

6. B. False

7. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-considerations
Important:
By default, not even the ACCOUNTADMIN role can modify or drop objects created by a custom role. The custom role must be granted to the ACCOUNTADMIN role directly or, preferably, to another role in a hierarchy with the SYSADMIN role as the parent. The SYSADMIN role is managed by the ACCOUNTADMIN role.

8. correct A

9. keyword in the question is "immediately" and that makes the correct answer as False.

Granting custom role to ACCOUNTADMIN is not the only option. It can be assigned to role hierarchy with SYSADMIN as parent also

10. True ans A
Important

By default, not even the ACCOUNTADMIN role can modify or drop objects created by a custom role. The custom role must be granted to the ACCOUNTADMIN role directly or, preferably, to another role in a hierarchy with the SYSADMIN role as the parent. The SYSADMIN role is managed by the ACCOUNTADMIN role.

11. Best practice is to assign it to ACCOUNTADMIN;

12. By default, not even the ACCOUNTADMIN role can modify or drop objects created by a custom role. The custom role must be granted to the ACCOUNTADMIN role directly or, preferably, to another role in a hierarchy with the SYSADMIN role as the parent. The SYSADMIN role is managed by the ACCOUNTADMIN role.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-considerations#managing-custom-roles

Even it is mentioned preferably SYSADMIN, the idea is to grant custom role to ACCOUNTADMIN.

13. The custom role must be granted to the ACCOUNTADMIN role directly or, preferably, to another role in a hierarchy with the SYSADMIN role as the parent.

14. According to the docs: Accountadmin.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-considerations.html#managing-custom-roles

15. Sorry, should be B: False. It states "preferably, to another role in a hierarchy with the SYSADMIN role as the parent.". Can't remove my previous comment and vote ...

16. B is correct

17. FALSE, Should be assigned to SYSADMIN role

18. The best practice is to assign it to SYSADMIN role, B is correct

19. It is TRUE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 129
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 129 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following accurately represents how a table fits into Snowflake's logical container hierarchy?
A. Account -> Schema -> Database -> Table
B. Account -> Database -> Schema -> Table
C. Database -> Schema -> Table -> Account
D. Database -> Table -> Schema -> Account
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Account -> Schema -> Database -> Table
2. B. Account -> Database -> Schema -> Table
3. C. Database -> Schema -> Table -> Account
4. D. Database -> Table -> Schema -> Account

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. B represents correct order

2. B. Account -> Database -> Schema -> Table

3. B is correct

4. Correct

5. Account -> Database -> Schema -> Table

6. Answer is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 130
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 130 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: All Snowflake table types include fail-safe storage.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. B. False (only Permanent table has Fail-safe functionality)

2. B.False(Only permanent table)

3. Correct Answer: B

4. B. False

5. Transient and temporary not

6. External tables also do not have Fail-Safe (just saying)

7. Correct answer

Temporary tables do not have fail-safe functionality

8. Transient tables as well

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 131
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 131 DISCUSSION

Question:
What are two ways to create and manage Data Shares in Snowflake? (Choose two.)
A. Via the Snowflake Web Interface (UI)
B. Via the DATA_SHARE=TRUE parameter
C. Via SQL commands
D. Via Virtual Warehouses
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Via the Snowflake Web Interface (UI)
2. B. Via the DATA_SHARE=TRUE parameter
3. C. Via SQL commands
4. D. Via Virtual Warehouses

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. A and C

2. Correct Answer: AC

3. A and C are correct

4. AC is the correct answer

5. Correct

6. Yes, A & C is the correct answer.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 132
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 132 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: Fail-safe can be disabled within a Snowflake account.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (18 found):
1. False : Separate and distinct from Time Travel, Fail-safe ensures historical data is protected in the event of a system failure or other catastrophic event, e.g. a hardware failure or security breach. Fail safe feature cannot be enabled or disabled from the user end .

2. B.False(it is built in featur

3. Correct Answer: AC

4. B false

5. True. you can disabled by setting your parameter to 0.

6. That is time travel that you can set to 0

7. Correct

8. The account administrators in Snowflake have the ability to disable fail-safe storage if needed. Disabling fail-safe storage can be done at the account level, and it affects all tables within the account. This action should be taken with caution as it removes the ability to recover data to any point in time within the retention period.

9. we can not disable fail safe

10. B. False (you can't configure it)

11. THIS IS NOT CORRECT FAIL SAVE IS NOT CONFIGARABLE

12. default

13. B is correct answer, as fail-safe is non configurabl

14. B is correct answer, as fail-safe is non configurable, however, we can say indirectly yes because transient database/schema and tables are not having fail-safe option.

15. Failsafe cannot be disabled

16. Fail safe can’t be disabled

17. You cannot configure fail-safe. 
You can use transient database if you don't want to use it.

18. False, you cannot modify fail safe

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 133
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 133 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: It is possible for a user to run a query against the query result cache without requiring an active Warehouse.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (19 found):
1. Query result cache is all about fetching the data from cloud services layer and saving the cost by not running the virtual warehouse.

2. Correct

3. It's True; you do not need an ACTIVE warehouse to execute the query result cache.

4. User cant point the query to run using the cache.

5. the query cache is dropped when the warehouse is suspended , so you need an active warehouse

6. A.True

7. False is correct 
without selection of warehouse an query cannot be executed

8. Correct Answer: A

9. A. True

10. The answer is B - False - https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/performance-query-warehouse-cache?utm_source=snowscope&utm_medium=serp&utm_term=query+cache
The auto-suspension setting of the warehouse can have a direct impact on query performance because the cache is dropped when the warehouse is suspended.

11. Your response doesn't actually answer the question. Yes if the wh has been suspended and the cache is dropped, sure, the cache is no longer available for re-use. but the answer to the question is A: True.

12. The answer is B. Question is not about can a user query utilize the data from cache. Its about running query against a stored query result cahce. That is not possible. User has no option to do anything with cached results.

13. You cannot run a query against cache, if you run the exact same query that some else previously ran, snowflake has the capability to retrieve the result from cache without running a warehouse, but non user can see others users query results.

14. A query can use the query result cache but can not query from it.

15. the correct answer is A , daba can be no changed last 24h so possible

16. A is not true. The SELECT statement requires warehouse. The result set can be retrieved if data is not changed, not use some functions and etc.. but in any case, you can't use a select statement without a warehouse

17. I upvoted this because it intuitively makes sense. But then I tested it in Snowflake and I was able to retrieve a result from the result cache using a SELECT while using a suspended warehouse (without auto resume). So A is indeed the correct answer.

18. Its true

19. Query results are cached for 24hours and is not dependent on warehouse being up or down

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 134
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 134 DISCUSSION

Question:
True or False: When Snowflake is configured to use Single Sign-On (SSO), Snowflake receives the usernames and credentials from the SSO service and loads them into the customer's Snowflake account.
A. True
B. False
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. True
2. B. False

Answers/Comments (14 found):
1. No. it does not save any credentials in an Account. Purpose of Federated and SSO is to authenticate the User and pass the authorization to SSO/Snowflake.

user authentication is separated from user access through the use of one or more external entities that provide independent authentication of user credentials. The authentication is then passed to one or more services, enabling users to access the services through SSO. A federated environment consists of the following components:

Service provider (SP):
In a Snowflake federated environment, Snowflake serves as the SP.

Identity provider (IdP):
The external, independent entity responsible for providing the following services to the SP:

Creating and maintaining user credentials and other profile information.

Authenticating users for SSO access to the SP.

2. B False: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-overview#login-workflow
No, the idp does NOT pass the user credentials to SF; the idp passes a SAML response to SF to authorize the initiation of a session

3. B.False

4. Correct Answer: B

5. B. False

6. Correcting the vote to false as the credentials will be verified from IdP(Identity Provider)

7. There's no sending credential info between SSO and SF.

8. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-overview.html

9. False, SCIM does auto user provisioning not SSO

10. Should be B

11. Yes it does. 
Supported SSO Workflows
Federated authentication enables the following SSO workflows:

Logging into Snowflake.
Logging out of Snowflake.
System timeout due to inactivity.

The behavior for each workflow is determined by whether the action is initiated within Snowflake or your IdP.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-security-fed-auth-overview.html#supported-sso-workflows

12. that means that you just logs into your organisation SSO and if you click on snowflake you dont need to login to snowflake as you are using SSO and your user data is provided - I think that is what 'loads' mean

13. B is correct

14. What do you mean by 'loads'

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 135
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 135 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following are best practices for loading data into Snowflake? (Choose three.)
A. Aim to produce data files that are between 100 MB and 250 MB in size, compressed.
B. Load data from files in a cloud storage service in a different region or cloud platform from the service or region containing the Snowflake account, to save on cost.
C. Enclose fields that contain delimiter characters in single or double quotes.
D. Split large files into a greater number of smaller files to distribute the load among the compute resources in an active warehouse.
E. When planning which warehouse(s) to use for data loading, start with the largest warehouse possible.
F. Partition the staged data into large folders with random paths, allowing Snowflake to determine the best way to load each file.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Aim to produce data files that are between 100 MB and 250 MB in size, compressed.
2. B. Load data from files in a cloud storage service in a different region or cloud platform from the service or region containing the Snowflake account, to save on cost.
3. C. Enclose fields that contain delimiter characters in single or double quotes.
4. D. Split large files into a greater number of smaller files to distribute the load among the compute resources in an active warehouse.
5. E. When planning which warehouse(s) to use for data loading, start with the largest warehouse possible.
6. F. Partition the staged data into large folders with random paths, allowing Snowflake to determine the best way to load each file.

Answers/Comments (16 found):
1. The answer is wrong it shorud be ACD ,Nobody can pass using these dumps They all have wrong Answers

2. Bhai dil ki baat bol di..saare ke saare answers galat hai..admin bhai please revisit kar lo ek baar.

3. A, C, D

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-considerations.html

A. To optimize the number of parallel operations for a load, we recommend aiming to produce data files roughly 100-250 MB (or larger) in size compressed.

C. Fields that contain delimiter characters should be enclosed in quotes (single or double). If the data contains single or double quotes, then those quotes must be escaped.

D. Split larger files into a greater number of smaller files to distribute the load among the compute resources in an active warehouse.

4. correct answer:ACD

5. A. Aim to produce data files that are between 100 MB and 250 MB in size, compressed.
C. Enclose fields that contain delimiter characters in single or double quotes.
D. Split large files into a greater number of smaller files to distribute the load among the compute resources in an active warehouse.

6. Correct Answer: ACD

7. ACD are correct

8. Definitely ACD

9. ACD right answer

10. ACD right answer

11. Correct Answer ACD

12. ACD is correct

13. ACD is correct

14. correct answer ACD .

15. these tests are confusing me more than learning. the correct answers would be a, c and d.

16. b: more latency and cost, e:more cost f: less efficient

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 136
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 136 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which Snowflake feature is used for both querying and restoring data?
A. Cluster keys
B. Time Travel
C. Fail-safe
D. Cloning
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Cluster keys
2. B. Time Travel
3. C. Fail-safe
4. D. Cloning

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. Time travel

2. Correct Answer: B

3. B. Time Travel

4. Correct

5. B 
https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/How-to-query-time-travel-with-a-time-different-than-the-default-UTC

6. Querying, cloning, and restoring historical data in tables, schemas, and databases for up to 90 days through Snowflake Time Travel.

7. I think its an incorrect question. These two capabilities cannot be in a single feature.

8. Check time travel. You can query what it was like on a past date and also restore.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 137
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 137 DISCUSSION

Question:
What do the terms scale up and scale out refer to in Snowflake? (Choose two.)
A. Scaling out adds clusters of the same size to a virtual warehouse to handle more concurrent queries.
B. Scaling out adds clusters of varying sizes to a virtual warehouse.
C. Scaling out adds additional database servers to an existing running cluster to handle more concurrent queries.
D. Snowflake recommends using both scaling up and scaling out to handle more concurrent queries.
E. Scaling up resizes a virtual warehouse so it can handle more complex workloads.
F. Scaling up adds additional database servers to an existing running cluster to handle larger workloads.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Scaling out adds clusters of the same size to a virtual warehouse to handle more concurrent queries.
2. B. Scaling out adds clusters of varying sizes to a virtual warehouse.
3. C. Scaling out adds additional database servers to an existing running cluster to handle more concurrent queries.
4. D. Snowflake recommends using both scaling up and scaling out to handle more concurrent queries.
5. E. Scaling up resizes a virtual warehouse so it can handle more complex workloads.
6. F. Scaling up adds additional database servers to an existing running cluster to handle larger workloads.

Answers/Comments (10 found):
1. A and E are Correct

2. Correct Answer: AE

3. A and E are correct

4. Answer is AE.

5. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations

6. Correct

7. A & E - correct

8. right ans very basic and important topic.

9. AE is correct answer.

10. The given answer sounds correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 138
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 138 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is the minimum Snowflake edition that has column-level security enabled?
A. Standard
B. Enterprise
C. Business Critical
D. Virtual Private Snowflake
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Standard
2. B. Enterprise
3. C. Business Critical
4. D. Virtual Private Snowflake

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. Enterprise Edition

2. Correct Answer: B

3. B. Enterprise

4. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions

5. Correct

6. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-column.html#:~:text=This%20feature%20requires%20Enterprise%20Edition%20(or%20higher).

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 139
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 139 DISCUSSION

Question:
What parameter controls if the Virtual Warehouse starts immediately after the CREATE WAREHOUSE statement?
A. INITIALLY_SUSPENDED = TRUE/FALSE
B. START_AFTER_CREATE = TRUE/FALSE
C. START_THE = 60 // (seconds from now)
D. START_TIME = CURRENT_DATE()
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. INITIALLY_SUSPENDED = TRUE/FALSE
2. B. START_AFTER_CREATE = TRUE/FALSE
3. C. START_THE = 60 // (seconds from now)
4. D. START_TIME = CURRENT_DATE()

Answers/Comments (5 found):
1. Answer is correct: -

Syntax
CREATE [ OR REPLACE ] WAREHOUSE [ IF NOT EXISTS ] <name>
 [ [ WITH ] objectProperties ]
 [ objectParams ]
Where:

objectProperties ::=
 WAREHOUSE_SIZE = XSMALL | SMALL | MEDIUM | LARGE | XLARGE | XXLARGE | XXXLARGE | X4LARGE | X5LARGE | X6LARGE
 MAX_CLUSTER_COUNT = <num>
 MIN_CLUSTER_COUNT = <num>
 SCALING_POLICY = STANDARD | ECONOMY
 AUTO_SUSPEND = <num> | NULL
 AUTO_RESUME = TRUE | FALSE
 INITIALLY_SUSPENDED = TRUE | FALSE
 RESOURCE_MONITOR = <monitor_name>
 COMMENT = '<string_literal>'
 ENABLE_QUERY_ACCELERATION = TRUE | FALSE
 QUERY_ACCELERATION_MAX_SCALE_FACTOR = <num>

2. A. INITIALLY_SUSPENDED = TRUE/FALSE

3. Correct Answer: A

4. A. INITIALLY_SUSPENDED = TRUE/FALSE

5. Correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 140
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 140 DISCUSSION

Question:
When cloning a database, what is cloned with the database? (Choose two.)
A. Privileges on the database
B. Existing child objects within the database
C. Future child objects within the database
D. Privileges on the schemas within the database
E. Only schemas and tables within the database
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Privileges on the database
2. B. Existing child objects within the database
3. C. Future child objects within the database
4. D. Privileges on the schemas within the database
5. E. Only schemas and tables within the database

Answers/Comments (13 found):
1. A. Privileges on the database -- This is not correct as source for cloning do not inherit privileges 
B. Existing child objects within the database --- This is correct
C. Future child objects within the database --- This is not correct
D. Privileges on the schemas within the database Most Voted -- As Schema is child, it inherits all grants
E. Only schemas and tables within the database --- This is not correct

2. A and B are Correct

3. Correct Answer: BD

4. B and D are correct

5. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/object-clone

6. only B is correct. Grants are only inherited if Copy Grants keyword is used while creating a clone.

7. Correct

8. BD is correct answer

9. BD. If the source object is a database or schema, the clone inherits all granted privileges on the clones of all child objects contained in the source object.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/object-clone.html#cloning-and-governance-objects

10. child objects grants are cloned

11. Database itself plus all child objects. Not the grants on the database itself, but the grants on the child objects are preserved.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/object-clone.html#access-control-privileges-for-cloned-objects

12. All objects and grants are cloned except on the clone level (in this case database)

13. B, D

For D: If the source object is a database or schema, for child objects contained in the source, the clone replicates all granted privileges on the corresponding child objects

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/object-clone.html#access-control-privileges-for-cloned-objects

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 141
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 141 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following describes the Snowflake Cloud Services layer?
A. Coordinates activities in the Snowflake account
B. Executes queries submitted by the Snowflake account users
C. Manages quotas on the Snowflake account storage
D. Manages the virtual warehouse cache to speed up queries
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Coordinates activities in the Snowflake account
2. B. Executes queries submitted by the Snowflake account users
3. C. Manages quotas on the Snowflake account storage
4. D. Manages the virtual warehouse cache to speed up queries

Answers/Comments (9 found):
1. A. Coordinates activities in the Snowflake account - CLOUD SERVICE LAYER
B. Executes queries submitted by the Snowflake account users - COMPUTE LAYER
C. Manages quotas on the Snowflake account storage - STORAGE LAYER
D. Manages the virtual warehouse cache to speed up queries - COMPUTE LAYER

2. ad C. - there is no STORAGE QUATA, only CREDIT QUATA

3. It coordinates activities in the snowflake,A is correct Answer

4. Correct Answer: A

5. A. Coordinates activities in the Snowflake account

6. Correct

7. The cloud services layer is a collection of services that coordinate activities across Snowflake

8. A is correct. The cloud services layer is a set of services that help Snowflake coordinate activities.

9. Answer is D

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 142
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 142 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is the maximum total Continuous Data Protection (CDP) charges incurred for a temporary table?
A. 30 days
B. 7 days
C. 48 hours
D. 24 hours
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. 30 days
2. B. 7 days
3. C. 48 hours
4. D. 24 hours

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. Default = 1 day (24 hrs).
Maximum = 48 hrs.

2. D.24 hrs

3. Correct Answer: D

4. D. 24 hours

5. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-cdp-storage-costs

6. Correct

7. Thus, the maximum total CDP charges incurred for a temporary table are 1 day (or less if the table is explicitly dropped or dropped as a result of terminating the session). During this period, Time Travel can be performed on the table. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/tables-storage-considerations.html

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 143
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 143 DISCUSSION

Question:
When reviewing a query profile, what is a symptom that a query is too large to fit into the memory?
A. A single join node uses more than 50% of the query time
B. Partitions scanned is equal to partitions total
C. An AggregateOperator node is present
D. The query is spilling to remote storage
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. A single join node uses more than 50% of the query time
2. B. Partitions scanned is equal to partitions total
3. C. An AggregateOperator node is present
4. D. The query is spilling to remote storage

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. “Bytes spilled to remote storage” indicates the volume of data that couldn’t fit in memory and had to be spilled to a virtual warehouse temporary storage.

2. D.is correct

3. Correct Answer: D

4. Correct Answer: D

5. D is correct

6. Answer should be D

7. For some operations (e.g. duplicate elimination for a huge data set), the amount of memory available for the compute resources used to execute the operation might not be sufficient to hold intermediate results. As a result, the query processing engine will start *spilling* the data to local disk. If the local disk space is not sufficient, the spilled data is then saved to remote disks.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-query-profile.html#queries-too-large-to-fit-in-memory

8. I agree, I think having all partitions scanned just means you might want to set up a cluster key.

9. As a result, the query processing engine will start spilling the data to local disk. If the local disk space is not sufficient, the spilled data is then saved to remote disks.

10. as per documentaion

11. as per the document it will spill to local storage and if it fills then dumped into Remote storage

12. Answer should be D

13. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-query-profile.html#queries-too-large-to-fit-in-memory

14. I agree with Answer D, if query spilling happens , query processing engine start saving the data to local disk if this is not sufficient then it start saving the data to remote disk, this process significantly impact query performance, the solution is use larger size warehouse.

15. See docs referred to by Manocs.

16. See docs referred to by Manocs.

17. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-query-profile.html#queries-too-large-to-fit-in-memory

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 144
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 144 DISCUSSION

Question:
What type of query benefits the MOST from search optimization?
A. A query that uses only disjunction (i.e., OR) predicates
B. A query that includes analytical expressions
C. A query that uses equality predicates or predicates that use IN
D. A query that filters on semi-structured data types
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. A query that uses only disjunction (i.e., OR) predicates
2. B. A query that includes analytical expressions
3. C. A query that uses equality predicates or predicates that use IN
4. D. A query that filters on semi-structured data types

Answers/Comments (12 found):
1. The correct answer is C.
2: Below are the recommended checks to consider for the query: 
At least one of the columns accessed through the query filter operation has at least 100k-200k distinct values. 
The query uses equality predicate or predicates that use IN.
The query returns a few rows with highly selective filters.
The query typically runs for at least tens of seconds.
https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/Search-Optimization-When-How-To-Use

2. C.A query that uses equality predicates or predicates that use IN

3. Correct Answer: C

4. C. A query that uses equality predicates or predicates that use IN

5. Correct Answer is B.

Analytical expression , the answer C is only for Variant, Objects and Array data type. 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/search-optimization-service

6. Not correct. Correct answer is C

7. C is correct. The service works on the predicate.

8. Correct

9. The answer is C.

10. C. A query that uses equality predicates or predicates that use IN

11. Should be B. The search optimization service can significantly improve the performance of certain types of lookup and analytical queries that use an extensive set of predicates for filtering.
Query uses equality predicate or predicates that use IN only applies to VARIANT, OBJECT, and ARRAY columns .
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/search-optimization-service

12. B is false: "certain types of ... analytical queries"

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 145
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 145 DISCUSSION

Question:
What transformations are supported in a CREATE PIPE ... AS COPY `¦ FROM (`¦) statement? (Choose two.)
A. Data can be filtered by an optional WHERE clause.
B. Incoming data can be joined with other tables.
C. Columns can be reordered.
D. Columns can be omitted.
E. Row level access can be defined.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Data can be filtered by an optional WHERE clause.
2. B. Incoming data can be joined with other tables.
3. C. Columns can be reordered.
4. D. Columns can be omitted.
5. E. Row level access can be defined.

Answers/Comments (11 found):
1. C and D are correct

2. Correct Answer: CD

3. Correct Answer: CD

4. C and D are correct

5. Correct

6. Using a query as the source for the COPY statement for column reordering [C], column omission [D], and casts (i.e. transforming data during a load) is supported. For usage examples, see Transforming Data During a Load. Note that only simple SELECT statements are supported. Filtering using a WHERE clause is not supported [E].

7. as per documentation

8. Was on exam Dec 31st 2022

9. CD is correct 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-pipe.html

10. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-pipe.html#usage-notes

11. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-load-transform.html

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 146
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 146 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following are characteristics of Snowflake virtual warehouses? (Choose two.)
A. Auto-resume applies only to the last warehouse that was started in a multi-cluster warehouse.
B. The ability to auto-suspend a warehouse is only available in the Enterprise edition or above.
C. SnowSQL supports both a configuration file and a command line option for specifying a default warehouse.
D. A user cannot specify a default warehouse when using the ODBC driver.
E. The default virtual warehouse size can be changed at any time.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Auto-resume applies only to the last warehouse that was started in a multi-cluster warehouse.
2. B. The ability to auto-suspend a warehouse is only available in the Enterprise edition or above.
3. C. SnowSQL supports both a configuration file and a command line option for specifying a default warehouse.
4. D. A user cannot specify a default warehouse when using the ODBC driver.
5. E. The default virtual warehouse size can be changed at any time.

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. CE are correct. I cant believe exam topics wants to charge for this test. We cant even vote for the correct answer in this case. What a joke.

2. CE is correct

3. C and E both

4. Correct answer C and E.

5. C and E

6. C and E

7. C and E are correct

8. C and E are correct

9. Correct Answer: CE

10. Correct Answer: CE

11. CE. Still exam topics we cant blindly believe.

12. CE correct

13. C and E

14. C and E Are correct

15. C AND E

16. CE correct

17. C and E.

Rule out A: Multi-cluster warehouses support all the same properties and actions as single-cluster warehouses, including auto-resuming a suspended warehouse when new queries are submitted. (https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-multicluster)

Rule out B: Warehouses can be suspended in non-Enterprise versions of Snowflake, but auto-suspending multi-cluster warehouses is only available in Enterprise. (https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations)

Rule out D: Default warehouse size is set in the connection parameters of ODBC connections (https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/odbc/odbc-parameters)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 147
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 147 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which command should be used to load data from a file, located in an external stage, into a table in Snowflake?
A. INSERT
B. PUT
C. GET
D. COPY
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. INSERT
2. B. PUT
3. C. GET
4. D. COPY

Answers/Comments (10 found):
1. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/copy-into-table

2. COPY COMMAND

3. Correct Answer: D

4. D. COPY

5. Correct

6. D - COPY INTO exactly

7. Why not INSERT ?

8. GET does not support downloading files from external stages
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/get.html
So the answer is COPY

9. copy into table

10. Correct answer Copy

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 148
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 148 DISCUSSION

Question:
The Snowflake Cloud Data Platform is described as having which of the following architectures?
A. Shared-disk
B. Shared-nothing
C. Multi-cluster shared data
D. Serverless query engine
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Shared-disk
2. B. Shared-nothing
3. C. Multi-cluster shared data
4. D. Serverless query engine

Answers/Comments (14 found):
1. C.Multi clustered shared data

2. Correct Answer: C

3. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts#snowflake-architecture

"Snowflake uses a central data repository for persisted data that is accessible from all compute nodes in the platform" 

So it is definitely shared data

"Snowflake processes queries using MPP (massively parallel processing) compute clusters"

And it uses multiple clusters for processing.

So the answer is C, Multi-cliuster shared data.

Sometimes the question answers aren't verbatim from the docs, you have to understand the meaning of words.

4. The Snowflake Cloud Data Platform is described as having a D. Serverless query engine architecture.

While Snowflake leverages elements of both shared-disk and shared-nothing architectures for data storage and processing, the core aspect that defines its architecture is the serverless nature of the query engine.

5. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts#snowflake-architecture
"Snowflake’s architecture is a hybrid of traditional shared-disk and shared-nothing database architectures."
On the day of March 28th 2024 I could not find any explicit mention of Multi-cluster shared data architecture in the mentioned article. I guess this question is quite obsolete or maybe the most commonly voted answer is a kind of a synonym for "a hybrid of traditional shared-disk and shared-nothing". Not fully sure

6. C. Multi-cluster shared data

7. Correct Answer : C
The Snowflake data platform has multi-cluster shared data architecture is designed to handle large data volumes with speed and efficiency. All data processing horsepower within Snowflake is managed by one or more clusters of computing resources.

8. Correct

9. Snowflake’s architecture is a hybrid of traditional shared-disk and shared-nothing database architectures. Similar to shared-disk architectures, Snowflake uses a central data repository for persisted data that is accessible from all compute nodes in the platform.

10. C. Multi-cluster shared data

11. This might be true but this is not a typical description: "is described as"

12. C - multiple clusters access the same data

13. Correct answer is C - The storage is shared however the compute is multi clustered
https://www.snowflake.com/product/architecture/

14. correct answer is A and B , 
Snowflake’s architecture is a hybrid of traditional shared-disk and shared-nothing database architectures

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 149
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 149 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following is a data tokenization integration partner?
A. Protegrity
B. Tableau
C. DBeaver
D. SAP
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Protegrity
2. B. Tableau
3. C. DBeaver
4. D. SAP

Answers/Comments (5 found):
1. The following partners facilitate external tokenization in Snowflake. To use these partner integrations, follow the instructions in the partner documentation or contact the partner to begin the configuration process:

ALTR

Baffle

Fortanix

MicroFocus CyberRes Voltage

Protegrity

Privacera

SecuPI

Skyflow

2. A.Protegrity

3. A. Protegrity

4. ALTR

Baffle

Comforte

Fortanix

MicroFocus CyberRes Voltage

Protegrity

Privacera

SecuPI

Skyflow

Spring Labs

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-column-ext-token-use

5. Protegrity:
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-column-ext-token-use

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 150
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 150 DISCUSSION

Question:
What versions of Snowflake should be used to manage compliance with Personal Identifiable Information (PII) requirements? (Choose two.)
A. Custom Edition
B. Virtual Private Snowflake
C. Business Critical Edition
D. Standard Edition
E. Enterprise Edition
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Custom Edition
2. B. Virtual Private Snowflake
3. C. Business Critical Edition
4. D. Standard Edition
5. E. Enterprise Edition

Answers/Comments (14 found):
1. Answer should be BC
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions.html

2. C & E

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/classify-intro
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/classify-custom

3. Correct Answer: BC

4. Correct Answer: BC

5. B and C

6. "Business Critical Edition, formerly known as Enterprise for Sensitive Data (ESD)"'

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions#business-critical-edition
https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/6-Steps-to-Secure-PII-in-Snowflake-s-Cloud-Data-Platform

7. If E is correct, means that B and C are correct too, so B and C are for sure correct.

The approach mentioned in one of the links above seems to be achievable with the standard edition as well, as it uses secure views and data masking (both features are available in the standard edition)

8. C and E.
Snowflake Enterprise for Sensitive Data (ESD) provides a feature set which allows its users to easily protect sensitive PII, even allowing the possibility of meeting HIPAA regulations where required. Less stringent protections may be met using only the standard Snowflake DB offering.
https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/6-Steps-to-Secure-PII-in-Snowflake-s-Cloud-Data-Platform

9. This might be a tricky one. In my opinion, Data Masking is in compliance with PII. So the Enterprise Version would also be in compliance with PII. There is also Column Level Security. BUT: VPS also features the same... https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/governance-classify-concepts.html and https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions.html

10. BC correct

11. BC are correct

12. Answer should be BC

13. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/governance-classify-concepts.html
This feature requires Enterprise Edition or higher. There is no Virtual Private Snowflake

14. There is Virtual Private Snowflake. Check here https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions.html

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 151
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 151 DISCUSSION

Question:
What are supported file formats for unloading data from Snowflake? (Choose three.)
A. XML
B. JSON
C. Parquet
D. ORC
E. AVRO
F. CSV
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. XML
2. B. JSON
3. C. Parquet
4. D. ORC
5. E. AVRO
6. F. CSV

Answers/Comments (11 found):
1. File formats

Delimited files (CSV, TSV, etc.)

Any valid delimiter is supported; default is comma (i.e. CSV).

JSON

Parquet

2. Correct Answer: BCF

3. BCF are correct

4. XML for loading data, ORC, AVRO for un loading semi structed data. CSV, JSON, Parquet for unloading structed data . So BCD are the correct answer.

5. JSON
Parquet
CSV

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-unload-prepare

6. I think JSON,CSV and XML should be the right answer

7. even snowflake supports XML. Why this is not the correct answer.

8. XML is only supported for loading, not unloading

9. B,C,F are correct

10. BC and F is correct answer.

11. correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 152
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 152 DISCUSSION

Question:
The Snowflake cloud services layer is responsible for which tasks? (Choose two.)
A. Local disk caching
B. Authentication and access control
C. Metadata management
D. Query processing
E. Database storage
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Local disk caching
2. B. Authentication and access control
3. C. Metadata management
4. D. Query processing
5. E. Database storage

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. B and C correct

2. B and C are Correct

3. Correct Answer: BC

4. Correct Answer: CD

5. B and C are correct

6. B and C

7. Correct answer should be BC
Cloud Services:
The cloud services layer is a collection of services that coordinate activities across Snowflake. These services tie together all of the different components of Snowflake in order to process user requests, from login to query dispatch. The cloud services layer also runs on compute instances provisioned by Snowflake from the cloud provider.
Services managed in this layer include:
Authentication
Infrastructure management
Metadata management
Query parsing and optimization
Access control

8. B and C are correct answer.

9. Authentication and access control
 Metadata management

10. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts.html

11. B and C are correct answer.

12. B and C are correct

13. Clearly explained in the figure in the arch diagram.

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts.html

14. Answer should be BC

15. correct

16. B and C are the correct answers

17. I think B and C.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 153
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 153 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is a key feature of Snowflake architecture?
A. Zero-copy cloning creates a mirror copy of a database that updates with the original.
B. Software updates are automatically applied on a quarterly basis.
C. Snowflake eliminates resource contention with its virtual warehouse implementation.
D. Multi-cluster warehouses allow users to run a query that spans across multiple clusters.
E. Snowflake automatically sorts DATE columns during ingest, for fast retrieval by date.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Zero-copy cloning creates a mirror copy of a database that updates with the original.
2. B. Software updates are automatically applied on a quarterly basis.
3. C. Snowflake eliminates resource contention with its virtual warehouse implementation.
4. D. Multi-cluster warehouses allow users to run a query that spans across multiple clusters.
5. E. Snowflake automatically sorts DATE columns during ingest, for fast retrieval by date.

Answers/Comments (19 found):
1. C. Snowflake eliminates resource contention with its virtual warehouse implementation. C is correct

2. D is wrong. A single query does not span multiple clusters. It spans multiple nodes in a single cluster. This is why you expand the size of the WH to accommodate larger queries. C is correct.

3. The main feature

4. The answer is C. Multi cluster VWH supports concurrency meaning multiple queries can run in multiple clusters not one query spanning across multiple clusters

5. D Is correct,Multi Culster Warehouses contention with its virtual warehouse implementation.

6. D is correct. Multi cluster warehouses is the unique feature of SF.

7. C. Snowflake eliminates resource contention with its virtual warehouse implementation.

Snowflake's architecture is built around the concept of separating compute resources from storage, allowing for scalability and eliminating resource contention through its virtual warehouse implementation. This architecture enables users to scale their compute resources up or down as needed without impacting the underlying data storage.

8. D based on docs

9. A. Zero-copy cloning creates a mirror copy of a database that updates with the original. is a key feature of Snowflake architecture.

Snowflake's zero-copy cloning feature creates a snapshot of a database that is always up-to-date with the original database. This allows users to create clones of their databases for development, testing, and disaster recovery purposes without having to copy any data. Zero-copy cloning is also used to create time travel snapshots of databases.

10. No it's not updted , any DL operation perfomraed on Original table hasve no effetc on CLined table ND VICE VERSA

11. Snowflake eliminates resource contention with multi-cluster

" The overarching performance challenge with
traditional data warehouses comes down to
one thing: resource contention. Single-cluster
systems—both in shared-disk and shared-nothing
architectures—require all users in the data warehouse
to share a limited set of resources. Too many
concurrent users or workloads can lead to significant
performance degradation and queueing. 
In contrast, Snowflake provides a patented multicluster, shared data architecture and intelligent use of
readily available cloud resources to allow essentially
limitless concurrency..."

https://www.snowflake.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/how-snowflake-automates-performance-in-a-modern-cloud-data-warehouse.pdf#:~:text=Dedicated%20and%20separate%20virtual%20warehouses,It%20also%20eliminates%20contention.

12. D is correct. Multi cluster warehouses is the unique feature of SF.

13. "eliminates" is a strong word though, no? That skews me toward D.....

14. Snowflake eliminates resource contention with its virtual warehouse implementation.

15. C is correct

16. D is also correct but qst is about the key feature of snowflake

17. if its a single selection

18. C and D both correct answers

19. Different queries goes in different cluster a single query is processed in a single cluster.
Multi cluster is for "Concurrency"

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 154
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 154 DISCUSSION

Question:
When publishing a Snowflake Data Marketplace listing into a remote region what should be taken into consideration? (Choose two.)
A. There is no need to have a Snowflake account in the target region, a share will be created for each user.
B. The listing is replicated into all selected regions automatically, the data is not.
C. The user must have the ORGADMIN role available in at least one account to link accounts for replication.
D. Shares attached to listings in remote regions can be viewed from any account in an organization.
E. For a standard listing the user can wait until the first customer requests the data before replicating it to the target region.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. There is no need to have a Snowflake account in the target region, a share will be created for each user.
2. B. The listing is replicated into all selected regions automatically, the data is not.
3. C. The user must have the ORGADMIN role available in at least one account to link accounts for replication.
4. D. Shares attached to listings in remote regions can be viewed from any account in an organization.
5. E. For a standard listing the user can wait until the first customer requests the data before replicating it to the target region.

Answers/Comments (9 found):
1. BE
A - False - To share data in a region, you must have an account in that region in order to replicate data. If you have more than one account, all accounts must belong to the same organization
B - True - To share data in a region, you must have an account in that region in order to replicate data. If you have more than one account, all accounts must belong to the same organization
C - True, but not relevant to Data Marketplace
D - false - When you publish a listing in a remote region, you can either allow all accounts in your organization to fulfill listing requests or explicitly add individual accounts as providers. Only the listing owner can specify who can fulfill listing requests.
E - True - For free listings, you must replicate data to each of the selected regions before publishing the listing. For standard listings, you do not need to replicate the data to each region until a consumer requests it.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-exchange-managing-data-listings.html#considerations-for-creating-a-listing-in-a-remote-region-and-replicating-data

2. Agreed from 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-exchange-managing-data-listings.html#considerations-for-creating-a-listing-in-a-remote-region-and-replicating-data

3. B and e are correct

4. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-exchange-managing-data-listings
While listings are automatically replicated, the data is not.
You do not need to replicate the data to each region until a consumer requests it.

5. https://other-docs.snowflake.com/en/collaboration/provider-listings-auto-fulfillment
Configuring Cross-Cloud Auto-fulfillment

If you want to automatically replicate the data product associated with your listing to other Snowflake regions, configure Cross-Cloud Auto-fulfillment.

When auto-fulfillment is enabled for a listing, Snowflake automatically replicates your data product to consumer regions as needed. The data product is the tables, schemas, UDFs, UDTFs, views, etc. that are part of your listing.

By using auto-fulfillment, you can avoid manually replicating your data products and approving requests for your listings, helping consumers access your listings faster.

When you publish a listing, it is visible to consumers in all current and future Marketplace regions, but consumers can only get, purchase, or request your product in regions you select. See Configuring Cross-Cloud Auto-fulfillment for more about region availability.

6. B, E ist right

7. B is certain, C is the next most probable.

8. B, C. B is right (https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-exchange-managing-data-listings.html#considerations-for-creating-a-listing-in-a-remote-region-and-replicating-data). C because of deduction. But makes sense. You need ORGADMIN to manage multiple accounts.

9. I think its BE:
No, you need ACCOUNTADMIN role, or have the OWNERSHIP privilege.
https://other-docs.snowflake.com/en/collaboration/provider-listings-creating-publishing.html#create-a-listing-for-the-sf-marketplace

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 155
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 155 DISCUSSION

Question:
When loading data into Snowflake via Snowpipe what is the compressed file size recommendation?
A. 10-50 MB
B. 100-250 MB
C. 300-500 MB
D. 1000-1500 MB
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. 10-50 MB
2. B. 100-250 MB
3. C. 300-500 MB
4. D. 1000-1500 MB

Answers/Comments (5 found):
1. 100 to 250 MB

2. B. 100-250 MB

3. Correct

4. We recommend files at least above 10 MB on average, with files in the 100 to 250 MB range offering the best cost-to-performance ratio.
https://www.snowflake.com/blog/best-practices-for-data-ingestion

5. To optimize the number of parallel operations for a load, we recommend aiming to produce data files roughly 100MB to 250MB in size, compressed. Splitting large files into a greater number of smaller files distributes the load among the servers in an active warehouse and increases performance.

https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/faq-does-snowflake-have-a-recommended-file-size-for-loading

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 156
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 156 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which Snowflake feature allows a user to substitute a randomly generated identifier for sensitive data, in order to prevent unauthorized users access to the data, before loading it into Snowflake?
A. External Tokenization
B. External Tables
C. Materialized Views
D. User-Defined Table Functions (UDTF)
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. External Tokenization
2. B. External Tables
3. C. Materialized Views
4. D. User-Defined Table Functions (UDTF)

Answers/Comments (4 found):
1. A. External Tokenization

2. Correct

3. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-column-ext-token.html#external-tokenization

4. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-column-ext-token.html#external-tokenization

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 157
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 157 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following are examples of operations that require a Virtual Warehouse to complete, assuming no queries have been executed previously? (Choose three.)
A. MIN(<< column value >>)
B. COPY
C. SUM(<< column value >>)
D. UPDATE
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. MIN(<< column value >>)
2. B. COPY
3. C. SUM(<< column value >>)
4. D. UPDATE

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. B,C,D are the answers. Min uses the Global cache / Service layer cache, hence it does not require the WH to execute query. So, A can be eliminated from answers.

2. Was on exam Dec 31st 2022

3. B,C,D are options

4. BCD are correct

5. Correct

6. min is in the cache

7. correct answer

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 158
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 158 DISCUSSION

Question:
What is the SNOWFLAKE.ACCOUNT_USAGE view that contains information about which objects were read by queries within the last 365 days (1 year)?
A. VIEWS_HISTORY
B. OBJECT_HISTORY
C. ACCESS_HISTORY
D. LOGIN_HISTORY
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. VIEWS_HISTORY
2. B. OBJECT_HISTORY
3. C. ACCESS_HISTORY
4. D. LOGIN_HISTORY

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. ACCESS_HISTORY

2. C. ACCESS_HISTORY

3. The ANSWER is C. ACCESS_HISTORY.

The ACCESS_HISTORY view contains information about which objects were accessed (read, written, or updated) by queries within the last 365 days (1 year). This includes information about the user who performed the access, the time of the access, and the object that was accessed.

4. ideally Two options are correct Access_History and LOGIN_HISTORY. As it has been asked to select any one so going with C
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/account-usage.html#account-usage-views

5. Since asked ”which objects were read by queries ”, so the C must the only one answer.

6. C is correct answer, there are no views with name views_history and object_history

7. Querying the ACCESS_HISTORY View

This Account Usage view can be used to query the access history of Snowflake objects (e.g. table, view, column) within the last 365 days (1 year).

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 159
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 159 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which feature is only available in the Enterprise or higher editions of Snowflake?
A. Column-level security
B. SOC 2 type II certification
C. Multi-factor Authentication (MFA)
D. Object-level access control
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Column-level security
2. B. SOC 2 type II certification
3. C. Multi-factor Authentication (MFA)
4. D. Object-level access control

Answers/Comments (5 found):
1. A.Column Level Security

2. A. Column-level security

3. Correct

4. Correct

5. correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 160
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 160 DISCUSSION

Question:
Will data cached in a warehouse be lost when the warehouse is resized?
A. Possibly, if the warehouse is resized to a smaller size and the cache no longer fits.
B. Yes, because the compute resource is replaced in its entirety with a new compute resource.
C. No, because the size of the cache is independent from the warehouse size.
D. Yes, because the new compute resource will no longer have access to the cache encryption key.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Possibly, if the warehouse is resized to a smaller size and the cache no longer fits.
2. B. Yes, because the compute resource is replaced in its entirety with a new compute resource.
3. C. No, because the size of the cache is independent from the warehouse size.
4. D. Yes, because the new compute resource will no longer have access to the cache encryption key.

Answers/Comments (21 found):
1. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations.html#scaling-up-vs-scaling-out. At the "tip" it states: ... which CAN impact performance ...
"Decreasing the size of a running warehouse removes compute resources from the warehouse. When the computer resources are removed, the cache associated with those resources is dropped, which can impact performance in the same way that suspending the warehouse can impact performance after it is resumed."

2. B is the right Answer

3. Based on this explanation, answer is B. 
YES, cached data is dropped.
right?

4. Yes B is absolutely correct

5. Possibly, if the warehouse is resized to a smaller size and the cache no longer fits.

6. When you resize a warehouse (scale up or down), the cache is dropped because the warehouse is rebuilt with new compute resources.

7. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations

Decreasing the size of a running warehouse removes compute resources from the warehouse. When the computer resources are removed, the cache associated with those resources is dropped, which can impact performance in the same way that suspending the warehouse can impact performance after it is resumed.

8. A Is correct answer

9. Correct Answer: A

10. B. Yes, because the compute resource is replaced in its entirety with a new compute resource.

When a Snowflake warehouse is resized, the current compute resources are replaced with new ones. This process clears the existing cache, and thus the cached data will be lost during the resizing operation.

11. Decreasing the size of a running warehouse removes compute resources from the warehouse. When the computer resources are removed, the cache associated with those resources is dropped, which can impact performance in the same way that suspending the warehouse can impact performance after it is resumed.

Keep this in mind when choosing whether to decrease the size of a running warehouse or keep it at the current size. In other words, there is a trade-off with regards to saving credits versus maintaining the cache.

12. A is correct

13. Answer is A
Decreasing the size of a running warehouse removes compute resources from the warehouse. When the computer resources are removed, the cache associated with those resources is dropped, which can impact performance in the same way that suspending the warehouse can impact performance after it is resumed.

14. new compute resources will no longer have the data cache from old compute resources.

15. https://www.bing.com/search?q=Will+data+cached+in+a+warehouse+be+lost+when+the+warehouse+is+resized%3F%0D%0A&qs=n&form=QBRE&sp=-1&lq=1&pq=will+data+cached+in+a+warehouse+be+lost+when+the+warehouse+is+resized%3F&sc=1-71&sk=&cvid=EF9EDA8E014D4727A39525F970AE710F&ghsh=0&ghacc=0&ghpl=

16. my bad : Decreasing the size of a running warehouse removes compute resources from the warehouse. When the computer resources are removed, the cache associated with those resources is dropped, which can impact performance in the same way that suspending the warehouse can impact performance after it is resumed.
so means possibly yes if it got reducerd so A is correct 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations

17. i believe C is correct @

18. Decreasing the size of a running warehouse removes compute resources from the warehouse. When the computer resources are removed, the cache associated with those resources is dropped, which can impact performance in the same way that suspending the warehouse can impact performance after it is resumed.

Keep this in mind when choosing whether to decrease the size of a running warehouse or keep it at the current size. In other words, there is a trade-off with regards to saving credits versus maintaining the cache.

19. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations.html
When the warehouse shrink it impacts

20. A is correct, only catch dropped if warehouse size is decreased.

21. possibly B

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 161
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 161 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which semi-structured file formats are supported when unloading data from a table? (Choose two.)
A. ORC
B. XML
C. Avro
D. Parquet
E. JSON
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. ORC
2. B. XML
3. C. Avro
4. D. Parquet
5. E. JSON

Answers/Comments (5 found):
1. D and E

2. D:JSON

3. Correct

4. D. Parquet
E. JSON

5. Structured: Delimited (CSV, TSV, etc.)
Semi-structured: JSON, Parquet
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/data-unload-prepare.html

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 162
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 162 DISCUSSION

Question:
A running virtual warehouse is suspended.
What is the MINIMUM amount of time that the warehouse will incur charges for when it is restarted?
A. 1 second
B. 60 seconds
C. 5 minutes
D. 60 minutes
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. 1 second
2. B. 60 seconds
3. C. 5 minutes
4. D. 60 minutes

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. B.60 sec

2. In Snowflake, virtual warehouses are billed in one-minute increments. This means that when a suspended warehouse is restarted, it will incur charges for a minimum of 60 seconds, even if it is only used for a fraction of that time.

3. Correct Answer: B

4. B. 60 seconds

5. Correct

6. Is thee right answer

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 163
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 163 DISCUSSION

Question:
What are the responsibilities of Snowflake's Cloud Service layer? (Choose three.)
A. Authentication
B. Resource management
C. Virtual warehouse caching
D. Query parsing and optimization
E. Query execution
F. Physical storage of micro-partitions
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Authentication
2. B. Resource management
3. C. Virtual warehouse caching
4. D. Query parsing and optimization
5. E. Query execution
6. F. Physical storage of micro-partitions

Answers/Comments (16 found):
1. Correct

2. ABD. The virtual warehouse performs C virtual WH caching, not the cloud services layer. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts#cloud-services

3. acd 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts.html#cloud-services
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/cost-understanding-compute.html#cloud-service-credit-usage

4. A,B,D ARE CORRECT

5. ABD are correct

6. ABD are correct

7. ABD are correct options

8. ABD are correct options

9. correct answer AB and D .

10. query execution happens in the warehouse

11. Sorry correcting, it should be ABD

12. Answer should be ACD.

To support A&D : 
-------------------------------
Services managed in this layer include:

Authentication
Infrastructure management
Metadata management
Query parsing and optimization
Access control

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-key-concepts.html#cloud-services

To support C : 
-------------------------------
This layer authenticates users, enforces security, performs query compilation and optimization, handles request query "caching", and more. 

https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/cost-understanding-compute.html#cloud-service-credit-usage

13. Querying is the job of virtual warehouse

14. Should be ABD, but it is also used for querying metadata!

15. I thik same.

16. A, D for sure. B because of other options are not true.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 164
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 164 DISCUSSION

Question:
How long is the Fail-safe period for temporary and transient tables?
A. There is no Fail-safe period for these tables.
B. 1 day
C. 7 days
D. 31 days
E. 90 days
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. There is no Fail-safe period for these tables.
2. B. 1 day
3. C. 7 days
4. D. 31 days
5. E. 90 days

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. Correct , There is no fail safe period for Temporary and transient tables

2. There is no fail safe period for Temp and transient tables

3. A. There is no Fail-safe period for these tables.

4. 'A' There is Zero (0) day Fail Safe period for temp and transient table

5. All answers are incorrect. There is Zero (0) day Fail Safe period for temp and transient tables.

6. There was a similar question on the exam when I took it july 20th 2023

7. Correct

8. no fail safe for transient / temporary tables

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 165
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 165 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which command should be used to download files from a Snowflake stage to a local folder on a client's machine?
A. PUT
B. GET
C. COPY
D. SELECT
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. PUT
2. B. GET
3. C. COPY
4. D. SELECT

Answers/Comments (7 found):
1. B.GET COMMAND

2. Correct Answer: B

3. B. GET

4. The command used to download files from a Snowflake stage to a local folder on a client's machine is GET.

The GET command downloads the specified files from a Snowflake stage to the specified location on the client machine. You can use the GET command to download a single file, multiple files, or all of the files in a stage.

GET @my_stage/myfile.csv file:///local/folder/myfile.csv;

5. The correct answer is B for this question.

An Important Note: Make sure you know how Snowflake delimits NULL and empty string values when downloading data from a stage. There was two questions on the exam when I took it asking that (july 2023)

NULL - ,,
Empty String - ''

6. Correct

7. get is correct

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 166
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 166 DISCUSSION

Question:
How does Snowflake Fail-safe protect data in a permanent table?
A. Fail-safe makes data available up to 1 day, recoverable by user operations.
B. Fail-safe makes data available for 7 days, recoverable by user operations.
C. Fail-safe makes data available for 7 days, recoverable only by Snowflake Support.
D. Fail-safe makes data available up to 1 day, recoverable only by Snowflake Support.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Fail-safe makes data available up to 1 day, recoverable by user operations.
2. B. Fail-safe makes data available for 7 days, recoverable by user operations.
3. C. Fail-safe makes data available for 7 days, recoverable only by Snowflake Support.
4. D. Fail-safe makes data available up to 1 day, recoverable only by Snowflake Support.

Answers/Comments (4 found):
1. C. Fail-safe makes data available for 7 days, recoverable only by Snowflake Support.

2. SF support only.

3. Correct

4. C is correct answer

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 167
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 167 DISCUSSION

Question:
A virtual warehouse is created using the following command:

Create warehouse my_WH with -
warehouse_size = MEDIUM
min_cluster_count = 1
max_cluster_count = 1
auto_suspend = 60
auto_resume = true;
The image below is a graphical representation of the warehouse utilization across two days.

What action should be taken to address this situation?
A. Increase the warehouse size from Medium to 2XL.
B. Increase the value for the parameter MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL.
C. Configure the warehouse to a multi-cluster warehouse.
D. Lower the value of the parameter STATEMENT_QUEUED_TIMEOUT_IN_SECONDS.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Increase the warehouse size from Medium to 2XL.
2. B. Increase the value for the parameter MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL.
3. C. Configure the warehouse to a multi-cluster warehouse.
4. D. Lower the value of the parameter STATEMENT_QUEUED_TIMEOUT_IN_SECONDS.

Answers/Comments (22 found):
1. We can see that queries are queued starting from 4 queries running.
Later 6 queries are running in concurrency.
So queries are queued not for reaching the max possible number of queries, but for reaching the max Cluster utilization.
Therefor, the best solution is to scale out (Answer C)

2. Correct answer C.

3. Correct Answer: B
since it is already a multi cluster but having same min and max cluser size

4. no, for WH to be multi cluster WH, max_cluster_count should be > 1
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-multicluster

5. you are crazy

6. If Queuing is the main concern here and if we set MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL parameter to 8 or more, it can solve the Queuing problem but may lead to performance issue. queries will take longer time to complete as these share available compute resources. better solution is to scale out

7. Correct Answer: B

8. C. Configure the warehouse to a multi-cluster warehouse

9. Ans is B - MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL
The given is already a multicluster warehouse but only 1 cluster. so no need to configure the warehouse to a MC but to add cluster. 
Create warehouse my_WH with -
warehouse_size = MEDIUM
min_cluster_count = 1
max_cluster_count = 1
auto_suspend = 60
auto_resume = true;

10. ohh no! its not B its C but that is to add clusters.

11. Nowadays default MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL is 8 (previously 6?). Thus, concurrency is not an issue. We need multi-cluster
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/parameters#max-concurrency-level

12. I think is a very open question, what do you want to address? the performance or the queuing? If you want better performance in fewer queries so you should go for the MAX_CONCURRENCY_LEVEL, but if you want reduce the queuing you should look to the multi-clustering solution.

13. Don't you think it is already a multi-cluster Maximized WH? It same value for min_cluster_count and max_cluster_count

14. My. bad max_cluster_count = 1, so it is NOT a muli-cluster WH, Ans is C

15. If auto scaling is enabled then it will be more flattened because edition is not mentioned

16. Better solution C

17. Better solution C

18. correct answer C:

19. should be C

20. Answer should be C as files can be seen in queue awaiting to be processed.

21. Should use multi-cluster and set the auto-scale parameter

22. Think same

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 168
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 168 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which minimum Snowflake edition allows for a dedicated metadata store?
A. Standard
B. Enterprise
C. Business Critical
D. Virtual Private Snowflake
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Standard
2. B. Enterprise
3. C. Business Critical
4. D. Virtual Private Snowflake

Answers/Comments (4 found):
1. Virtual private snowflake

2. D. Virtual Private Snowflake

3. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions.html

Dedicated metadata store and pool of compute resources (used in virtual warehouses) is offered through VPS

4. explained in tabular format https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/intro-editions.html#enterprise-edition

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 169
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 169 DISCUSSION

Question:
Network policies can be set at which Snowflake levels? (Choose two.)
A. Role
B. Schema
C. User
D. Database
E. Account
F. Tables
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Role
2. B. Schema
3. C. User
4. D. Database
5. E. Account
6. F. Tables

Answers/Comments (8 found):
1. Identifying a Network Policy Activated at the Account or User Level
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/network-policies.html#creating-network-policies

2. add'l info.. activate n/w policy at 'security integration' level also (per documentation)

3. C and E are Correct

4. Identifying a Network Policy Activated at the Account or User Level

5. You are correct. Network policies can be set at two levels in Snowflake:

D. Database
E. Account
Here's why the other options are not valid:

A. Role: Network policies are not set at the role level. Roles are used to control what users can do within Snowflake, but they don't define network access restrictions.
B. Schema: Network policies are not set at the schema level. Schemas are used to organize Snowflake objects, but they don't define network access restrictions.
C. User: Network policies are not set at the user level. Users are assigned roles, and the roles determine the network access permissions.
F. Tables: Network policies are not set at the table level. Tables store data, and network policies control access to Snowflake itself, not individual tables.

6. C and E
Network policy precedence
You can apply a network policy to an account, a security integration, or a user. If there are network policies applied to more than one of these, the most specific network policy overrides more general network policies. The following summarizes the order of precedence:

Account
Network policies applied to an account are the most general network policies. They are overridden by network policies applied to a security integration or user.

Security Integration
Network policies applied to a security integration override network policies applied to the account, but are overridden by a network policy applied to a user.

User
Network policies applied to a user are the most specific network policies. They override both accounts and security integrations.

7. C and E are correct

8. Network policies can be set at the Account and Role levels in Snowflake. So the answer is D. Database and E. Account.

Network policies are used to control access to Snowflake resources from specific IP addresses or network ranges. You can create network policies at the account or role level. Account-level network policies apply to all users in the account, while role-level network policies apply only to users who are assigned that role.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 170
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 170 DISCUSSION

Question:
What are the correct parameters for time travel and fail-safe in the Snowflake Enterprise Edition?
A. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 0 days. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 30 days. Fail Safe retention time is 1 day.
B. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 1 day. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 365 days. Fail Safe retention time is 7 days.
C. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 0 days. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 90 days. Fail Safe retention time is 7 days.
D. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 1 day. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 90 days. Fail Safe retention time is 7 days.
E. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 7 days. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 1 day. Fail Safe retention time is 90 days.
F. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 90 days. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 7 days. Fail Safe retention time is 356 days.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 0 days. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 30 days. Fail Safe retention time is 1 day.
2. B. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 1 day. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 365 days. Fail Safe retention time is 7 days.
3. C. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 0 days. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 90 days. Fail Safe retention time is 7 days.
4. D. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 1 day. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 90 days. Fail Safe retention time is 7 days.
5. E. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 7 days. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 1 day. Fail Safe retention time is 90 days.
6. F. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 90 days. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 7 days. Fail Safe retention time is 356 days.

Answers/Comments (6 found):
1. Verified from snowflake documentation. D is the right answer.

2. D is correct answer

3. Correct Answer: D

4. D. Default Time Travel Retention is set to 1 day. Maximum Time Travel Retention is 90 days. Fail Safe retention time is 7 days.

5. Correct

6. D still true.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 171
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 171 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following objects are contained within a schema? (Choose two.)
A. Role
B. Stream
C. Warehouse
D. External table
E. User
F. Share
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Role
2. B. Stream
3. C. Warehouse
4. D. External table
5. E. User
6. F. Share

Answers/Comments (13 found):
1. Correct Answer: BD

2. Correct Answer: BD

3. B and D are correct

4. B and D are correct

5. Should be B & D

6. BD is correct

7. A. Role (ACCOUNT)
B. Stream (SCHEMA)
C. Warehouse (ACCOUNT)
D. External table (SCHEMA)
E. User (ACCOUNT)
F. Share (DATABASE)

8. external table and stream are the schema objects

9. BD is correct

10. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-access-control-overview.html

11. BD is correct

12. not C at all

13. Certainly not C

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Question 172
Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 172 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following statements describe features of Snowflake data caching? (Choose two.)
A. When a virtual warehouse is suspended, the data cache is saved on the remote storage layer.
B. When the data cache is full, the least-recently used data will be cleared to make room.
C. A user can only access their own queries from the query result cache.
D. A user must set USE_METADATA_CACHE to TRUE to use the metadata cache in queries.
E. The RESULT_SCAN table function can access and filter the contents of the query result cache.
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. When a virtual warehouse is suspended, the data cache is saved on the remote storage layer.
2. B. When the data cache is full, the least-recently used data will be cleared to make room.
3. C. A user can only access their own queries from the query result cache.
4. D. A user must set USE_METADATA_CACHE to TRUE to use the metadata cache in queries.
5. E. The RESULT_SCAN table function can access and filter the contents of the query result cache.

Answers/Comments (18 found):
1. Option A is incorrect because when a virtual warehouse is suspended, the data cache is not saved on the remote storage layer. The data cache is cleared when a virtual warehouse is suspended and any data that needs to be cached is reloaded from the remote storage layer when the virtual warehouse is resumed.

Option C is incorrect because the query result cache is a shared cache and all users can access the data that has been cached. There are no restrictions based on user access.

Option D is incorrect because the metadata cache is used by default in queries and there is no need for a user to explicitly set USE_METADATA_CACHE to TRUE.

Option B is correct because Snowflake automatically manages its data cache and evicts the least-recently used data when the cache becomes full.

Option E is correct because the RESULT_SCAN table function can be used to query and filter the data that has been cached in the query result cache.

2. Great explaination

3. result_scan: can return query results of past 24 hours: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/functions/result_scan.html

4. CE are the right option.

5. C is NOT correct: any user can retrieve results from the query result cache as long as the query is exactly the same as another user's query, and the underlying data has not changed. 
https://community.snowflake.com/s/article/Caching-in-the-Snowflake-Cloud-Data-Platform#:~:text=Snowflake%20Cache%20Layers&text=Result%20Cache:%20Which%20holds%20the,underlying%20data%20has%20not%20changed.

6. Correct Answer: BE

7. Correct Answer: BE

8. Snowflake's data cache follows a least-recently used (LRU) eviction policy. When the cache is full, the least-recently used data will be removed to make space for new data.
The RESULT_SCAN table function allows users to access and filter the contents of the query result cache. This function is useful for examining and manipulating cached query results.

9. B and E are correct

10. b,E 

RESULT_SCAN IS DIFFERENT FROM QUERY RESULT CACAHE

11. "Only the user who ran the original query can use the RESULT_SCAN function to post-process the results of that query. Even another user with ACCOUNTADMIN privilege cannot access the results of another user’s query by calling RESULT_SCAN."
- https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/functions/result_scan

12. Only the user who ran the original query can use the RESULT_SCAN function to post-process the results of that query. Even another user with ACCOUNTADMIN privilege cannot access the results of another user’s query by calling RESULT_SCAN.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/functions/result_scan#usage-notes

13. Your statement is correct and that is why E is correct. but C is not correct. Query Result cache is different. This cached data is pulled when the same query is ran by any User/Role. but running queries specifically on this Query Result cache is done thru RESULT_SCAN. And this is only by the particular user who ran the initial query. this is because the user is now able to see the data.

14. CE correct answer

15. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/functions/result_scan

16. This is not right. The answer is B&E. The reasoning "Only the user who ran the original query can use the RESULT_SCAN function to post-process the results of that query." does not apply to using the cache in general. The role must have the same set of permissions to use the cache.

17. CE. From SF docs:
C: Only the user who ran the original query can use the RESULT_SCAN function to post-process the results of that query. Even another user with ACCOUNTADMIN privilege cannot access the results of another user’s query by calling RESULT_SCAN.
E: The query containing the RESULT_SCAN can include clauses, such as filters and ORDER BY clauses, that were not in the original query. This allows you to narrow down or modify the result set.
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/functions/result_scan

18. B and E should be correct one.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

