Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 26 DISCUSSION

Question:
Which of the following statements are true of Virtual Warehouses? (Choose all that apply.)
A. Customers can change the size of the Warehouse after creation
B. A Warehouse can be resized while running
C. A Warehouse can be configured to suspend after a period of inactivity
D. A Warehouse can be configured to auto-resume when new queries are submitted
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. Customers can change the size of the Warehouse after creation
2. B. A Warehouse can be resized while running
3. C. A Warehouse can be configured to suspend after a period of inactivity
4. D. A Warehouse can be configured to auto-resume when new queries are submitted

Answers/Comments (20 found):
1. all fours are true

2. Correct, you can configure auto suspend and auto resume: 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-considerations#automating-warehouse-suspension
AND you can resize a wh even when it is running: https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview

3. Additionally, multi-cluster warehouses support all the same properties and actions as single-cluster warehouses, including:

Specifying a warehouse size.

Resizing a warehouse at any time.

Auto-suspending a running warehouse due to inactivity; note that this does not apply to individual clusters, but rather the entire multi-cluster warehouse.

Auto-resuming a suspended warehouse when new queries are submitted.

4. https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-overview

5. All four are True

6. all fours are true

7. ABCD are true

8. Actually A,B,C,D all are correct

9. All four are true 


A: resizing allowed
B: Dynamic Scaling allowed 
C , D : Auto resume and auto suspends are also standard warehouse features

10. All four are true

11. all are true

12. All are true

13. all true, not only two

14. All four are correct, but only two are allowed to be selected by this question. That needs to be fixed.

15. all fours are true

16. all the answers are correct

17. four are all true

18. All of the following statements are true of Virtual Warehouses in Snowflake:

A. Customers can change the size of the Warehouse after creation: You can resize a warehouse at any time to adjust the compute resources.

B. A Warehouse can be resized while running: Warehouses can be resized even while they are running to accommodate changing workloads.

C. A Warehouse can be configured to suspend after a period of inactivity: You can set a warehouse to automatically suspend after a specified period of inactivity to save costs.

D. A Warehouse can be configured to auto-resume when new queries are submitted: Warehouses can be configured to automatically resume when new queries are submitted, ensuring that compute resources are available when needed.

19. All are correct ABCD

20. all fours are true, BUT the question only allows to pick up two options

