Title: EXAM SNOWPRO CORE TOPIC 1 QUESTION 40 DISCUSSION

Question:
A deterministic query is run at 8am, takes 5 minutes, and the results are cached. Which of the following statements are true? (Choose two.)
A. The exact query will ALWAYS return the precomputed result set for the RESULT_CACHE_ACTIVE = time period
B. The same exact query will return the precomputed results if the underlying data hasn't changed and the results were last accessed within previous 24 hour period
C. The same exact query will return the precomputed results even if the underlying data has changed as long as the results were last accessed within the previous 24 hour period
D. The ג€24 hourג€ timer on the precomputed results gets renewed every time the exact query is executed
Show Suggested Answer

Choices:
1. A. The exact query will ALWAYS return the precomputed result set for the RESULT_CACHE_ACTIVE = time period
2. B. The same exact query will return the precomputed results if the underlying data hasn't changed and the results were last accessed within previous 24 hour period
3. C. The same exact query will return the precomputed results even if the underlying data has changed as long as the results were last accessed within the previous 24 hour period
4. D. The ג€24 hourג€ timer on the precomputed results gets renewed every time the exact query is executed

Answers/Comments (17 found):
1. correct answer is B, D

2. b and d are the correct options

3. B & D, cache is only for 24hr, if data doesn't change, and renews TTL if queried again

4. B -Snowflake's result cache will return the precomputed results if the data has not changed and the cached results are still valid (within 24 hours of the last access).

D- Every time the query is executed, the 24-hour timer for the cached results is reset, extending the validity of the cached results.

5. B and D

6. B and D are correct

7. esas son las correctas b y d

8. BD I think, but bad wording on B: "previous" 24 hours would mean before the original query was run, so taken literally this is incorrect but I think they mean the next 24 hours.

9. correct answer is B, D

10. BD
Explanation for D is here 
https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/querying-persisted-results.html

11. BD are correct

12. BD is the correct answer

13. BD for sure

14. Obviously it is B,D by MinuteMaid

15. The results cache will only be used if it's the same query AND the same role executing the query

16. B and D are correct

17. answer BD

